news
press
contact us
productsobject detectionobject detectionsensors, proximity switches and light barriers for object and position detection.inductive proximity switchesphotoelectric sensors fiber optic sensorscapacitive sensorsultrasonic sensorsmagnetic proximity sensorsprecision mechanical switchesedge measurement and detectionlight-band sensorslabel sensorsaccessories sensorsdistance measurementdistance measurementsensors for detecting distances and distance information from the µm range to 60 m.laser distance sensorsultrasonic distance sensorsradar sensorsinductive distance sensorslinear magnetic encodersmeasuring wheel encoderscable transducersaccessories sensorssmart vision sensorssmart vision sensorseasy handling and implementation of efficient check and control tasks as well as vision-guided robotics.smart profile sensorsverisens vision sensorseasy control of universal robotsindustrial cameras / image processingindustrial cameras / image processingcamera-based inspection, identification and process control.industrial camerassoftwarestarter kitstoolscustom camerasaccessories image processingverisens vision sensorsidentificationidentificationreading and evaluation of 1d/2d codes and texts.reliable code readers and text readersstarter kitsaccessories image processingrotary encoders / angle sensorsrotary encoders / angle sensorsmeasuring and monitoring of rotary speed and rotary shaft positions at machines, installations and electrical drives.industrial encoders absoluteindustrial encoders incrementalbearingless encodersencoders for synchronous motorsheavyduty encoders absoluteheavyduty encoders incrementalheavyduty tacho generators / resolversheavyduty speed switches / monitorsheavyduty combinationsprogrammable encodersfunctional safety encodersreal-time ethernet encodersrotary encoders for offshore and marine applicationsaccessoriesinclination / acceleration sensorsinclination / acceleration sensorsmeasurement of inclination, acceleration and vibration.inclination sensorsdynamic inclination sensorsvibration / acceleration sensorsprocess sensorsprocess sensorsautomation of process technology with transmitters, sensors and measuring equipment for the parameters of pressure, temperature, fill level, flow and conductivity of gaseous, liquid, paste-like and granular media.pressure measurementlevel measurementflow measurementliquid analysistemperature measurementaccessories process sensorsforce sensors and strain sensorsforce sensors and strain sensorsforce and strain measurement in machines, installations, and tools.force sensorsstrain sensorsmeasuring amplifierscustomised solutionscavity pressure sensorsstrain measurement in holesformat adjustmentformat adjustmentdisplay and adjustment of position of stops and formats in machines and systems.spindle positioning systemscounters / displayscounters / displaysacquisition, display and control of process data and measured values such as unit numbers, times, rotational speeds and positions.counters / position displays / process displayspreset counters / multifunction devicestime / hour countersaccessories counters / displaysaccessoriesaccessoriesalways the right accessory for your sensor and your application.accessories rotary encoders / angle sensorsaccessories counters / displaysaccessories sensorsaccessories process sensorsaccessories image processingcable/connectivitycable/connectivitycable/connectivityeasy connection, parameterization and usabilitycables/plugsio-link masterbaumer sensor suite
object detectionobject detectionsensors, proximity switches and light barriers for object and position detection.inductive proximity switchesphotoelectric sensors fiber optic sensorscapacitive sensorsultrasonic sensorsmagnetic proximity sensorsprecision mechanical switchesedge measurement and detectionlight-band sensorslabel sensorsaccessories sensors
inductive proximity switches
photoelectric sensors
fiber optic sensors
capacitive sensors
ultrasonic sensors
magnetic proximity sensors
precision mechanical switches
edge measurement and detection
light-band sensors
label sensors
accessories sensors
distance measurementdistance measurementsensors for detecting distances and distance information from the µm range to 60 m.laser distance sensorsultrasonic distance sensorsradar sensorsinductive distance sensorslinear magnetic encodersmeasuring wheel encoderscable transducersaccessories sensors
laser distance sensors
ultrasonic distance sensors
radar sensors
inductive distance sensors
linear magnetic encoders
measuring wheel encoders
cable transducers
accessories sensors
smart vision sensorssmart vision sensorseasy handling and implementation of efficient check and control tasks as well as vision-guided robotics.smart profile sensorsverisens vision sensorseasy control of universal robots
smart profile sensors
verisens vision sensors
easy control of universal robots
industrial cameras / image processingindustrial cameras / image processingcamera-based inspection, identification and process control.industrial camerassoftwarestarter kitstoolscustom camerasaccessories image processingverisens vision sensors
industrial cameras
software
starter kits
tools
custom cameras
accessories image processing
verisens vision sensors
identificationidentificationreading and evaluation of 1d/2d codes and texts.reliable code readers and text readersstarter kitsaccessories image processing

reliable code readers and text readers
starter kits
accessories image processing
rotary encoders / angle sensorsrotary encoders / angle sensorsmeasuring and monitoring of rotary speed and rotary shaft positions at machines, installations and electrical drives.industrial encoders absoluteindustrial encoders incrementalbearingless encodersencoders for synchronous motorsheavyduty encoders absoluteheavyduty encoders incrementalheavyduty tacho generators / resolversheavyduty speed switches / monitorsheavyduty combinationsprogrammable encodersfunctional safety encodersreal-time ethernet encodersrotary encoders for offshore and marine applicationsaccessories
industrial encoders absolute
industrial encoders incremental
bearingless encoders
encoders for synchronous motors
heavyduty encoders absolute
heavyduty encoders incremental
heavyduty tacho generators / resolvers
heavyduty speed switches / monitors
heavyduty combinations
programmable encoders
functional safety encoders
real-time ethernet encoders
rotary encoders for offshore and marine applications
accessories
inclination / acceleration sensorsinclination / acceleration sensorsmeasurement of inclination, acceleration and vibration.inclination sensorsdynamic inclination sensorsvibration / acceleration sensors
inclination sensors
dynamic inclination sensors
vibration / acceleration sensors
process sensorsprocess sensorsautomation of process technology with transmitters, sensors and measuring equipment for the parameters of pressure, temperature, fill level, flow and conductivity of gaseous, liquid, paste-like and granular media.pressure measurementlevel measurementflow measurementliquid analysistemperature measurementaccessories process sensors
pressure measurement
level measurement
flow measurement
liquid analysis
temperature measurement

accessories process sensors
force sensors and strain sensorsforce sensors and strain sensorsforce and strain measurement in machines, installations, and tools.force sensorsstrain sensorsmeasuring amplifierscustomised solutionscavity pressure sensorsstrain measurement in holes
force sensors
strain sensors
measuring amplifiers
customised solutions
cavity pressure sensors
strain measurement in holes
format adjustmentformat adjustmentdisplay and adjustment of position of stops and formats in machines and systems.spindle positioning systems
spindle positioning systems
counters / displayscounters / displaysacquisition, display and control of process data and measured values such as unit numbers, times, rotational speeds and positions.counters / position displays / process displayspreset counters / multifunction devicestime / hour countersaccessories counters / displays
counters / position displays / process displays
preset counters / multifunction devices
time / hour counters
accessories counters / displays
accessoriesaccessoriesalways the right accessory for your sensor and your application.accessories rotary encoders / angle sensorsaccessories counters / displaysaccessories sensorsaccessories process sensorsaccessories image processingcable/connectivity
accessories rotary encoders / angle sensors
accessories counters / displays
accessories sensors
accessories process sensors
accessories image processing
cable/connectivity
cable/connectivitycable/connectivityeasy connection, parameterization and usabilitycables/plugsio-link masterbaumer sensor suite
cables/plugs
io-link master
baumer sensor suite
solutionsdigitalizationfood and beveragefeeder technologymetal and steelmobile automationpackaging industryrailway industryrobotics – end-of-arm toolingpharmaceutical industry
digitalization
food and beverage
feeder technology
metal and steel
mobile automation
packaging industry
railway industry
robotics – end-of-arm tooling
pharmaceutical industry
companylocationsmanagementvalueshistoryresearch & developmentoperational excellenceawardsbaumer innovation center switzerlandhigh tech center lake constancecertificatessupplier for baumerenvironmental managementexhibitions
locations
management
values
history
research & development
operational excellence
awards
baumer innovation center switzerland
high tech center lake constance
certificates
supplier for baumer
environmental management
exhibitions
careervacancieswhy baumertrainees / studentsfind us here
vacancies
why baumer
trainees / students
find us here
service & supportcontact detailsknow-howserial number searchrepair & claim management
contact details
know-how
serial number search
repair & claim management

privacy
privacy
to us, the protection of your personal data and privacy are very important.
therefore, the declaration is to inform you how we handle your personal data.
privacy website
information on the processing of personal data, category distribution
privacy policy for the facebook fan page
privacy website
1. general
1.1 personal data (art. 4 no. 1 ds-gvo)
the subject of privacy is personal data (hereinafter also referred to as data). this is any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person. such information includes, for example, name, address, professional activities, e-mail address, health status, income, marital status, genetic characteristics, telephone number and, where applicable, user data such as ip addresses.
1.2 responsible person (art. 4 no. 7 ds-gvo)
the baumer holding ag (hereinafter responsible or operator) is responsible for the processing of your personal data in the context of any use of the website www.baumer.com (hereinafter website). contact details:
baumer holding aghummelstr.178501 frauenfeld, schweiz
represented by the board of directors: dr. oliver vietze, dr. axel vietze, mr. roland fehlmannphone: +41 52 728 11 55fax: +41 52 728 11 44e-mail: [email protected]
1.3 right of objection
if you wish to object entirely or in part against processing of your data by the operator according to the present privacy declaration, you can do so using the contact details provided in the imprint. please note that in the event of such objection, both the website and the services offered therein may only be limitedly accessible or even not at all.
2. scope and purposes of data processing, legal basis, data provision and retaining
2.1 website access
each time the website is accessed, usage data is transmitted by the respective internet browser and stored in log files (server log files). the data records stored comprise the following data:
date and time of website access
name of the accessed web page
ip address
referrer url (source url from which you have accessed the website)
data volume transferred
information on type and version of the browser used
the log files are evaluated by the operator in anonymized form to improve the website further and make it more user-friendly, to quickly track and remedy any error and for server capacity control. for example, the time the website is particularly popular can be identified which allows the operator to provide the corresponding capacity. data processed by the operator is required by him to enable you to call up and use the website. such data must necessarily be processed when using a tele medium. legitimacy of processing is based on art. 6 (1) f) ds-gvo, according to which processing is lawful if required for protecting the legitimate interests of the operator or a third party, unless such interests are overridden by fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal data. the operator has a legitimate interest in providing a website offering information and services to its customers as well as in optimizing the website operability. providing your data is not required neither by law nor contract. however, providing data is required for accessing the operator's website. failure to provide will result in the website not being accessible.​​​​​​​your ip address is deleted or anonymized after use or at ending the session. ip address anonymization means the ip address is alienated in such a way it can no longer or only at a disproportionate amount of time, cost and effort be assigned to an identified or identifiable natural person.
2.2 contact form and email button
a contact form is available to contact the operator. in the template you are requested to provide the following information:
message
reason for your request
first and last name
e-mail
phone number
company
street, no.
zip code, city
country
furthermore, the following additional information is given on a voluntary basis:
gender
the operator will use your data to reply to your contact request and to provide you with the requested information.on the website you can send an e-mail to the operator with just one click. for doing so, the e-mail address linked to your e-mail system will be automatically used as sender.if you do not want your email address to be retrieved in this way, you can adapt the settings of your email program correspondingly.the operator will processes the provided data for responding to your contact request and for communication with you. this data is absolutely necessary for the mentioned proceedings. the permission of data processing is based on art. 6 (1) b) ds-gvo, according to which processing is lawful if required to fulfill a contract the concerned person is a contractual party of, of if required to perform pre-contractual measures on request of the concerned person.providing your data is required for communication with the operator. not providing the operator with your personal data would result in the operator being not in a position to answer or fully process your contact request.the personal data processed as part of the communication will be deleted after the statutory obligations for retention having expired, unless the responsible has a legitimate interest in further retention. in any case, only those data mandatorily required to achieve the corresponding purpose will be further retained. personal data is anonymized to the maximum extent possible.
2.3 landing page form
a template is available if you are interested in a particular product. in the template you are requested to provide the following information:
first and last name
e-mail address
furthermore, the following additional information is given on a voluntary basis:
phone
the operator will use your data to provide you with information on the product you are interested in.the operator will process the data provided by you to respond to your request and for communication with you. this data is absolutely necessary for the mentioned proceedings. the permission of data processing is based on art. 6 (1) b) ds-gvo, according to which processing is lawful if required to fulfill a contract the concerned person is a contractual party of, of if required to perform pre-contractual measures on request of the concerned person.providing your data is required for communication with the operator. not providing the operator with your personal data will result in the operator not being in a position to handle and fully process your request.the personal data processed as part of the communication will be deleted after the statutory obligations for retention having expired, unless the responsible has a legitimate interest in further retention. in any case, only those data mandatorily required to achieve the corresponding purpose will be further retained. personal data is anonymized to the maximum extent possible.
2.4 newsletter
you can subscribe to an e-mail newsletter in order to receive additional information from the operator. for doing so, your e-mail address is required. further information for newsletter personalization is voluntary.newsletter subscription applies the so-called double opt-in method , i.e. you will only be added to the mailing list after your previous and expressive agreement and confirmation. after having subscribed to the newsletter, you will receive a notification email with link for activation. you will only be added to the newsletter system after having clicked and confirmed the link.you can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. to unsubscribe, contact the operator or use the link provided in every newsletter.permission for processing is based on art. 6 (1) a) ds-gvo, according to which processing is permitted if the concerned person has given his/her consent to the processing of personal data for one or more specified purposes.providing the data is neither contractually nor legally required. not providing the data will result in you not being able to receive the newsletters. personal data processed for the advertising purposes will be deleted, unless the responsible has a legitimate interest in continued retention. in any case, only those data mandatorily required to achieve the corresponding purpose will be further retained.
in the context of newsletter subscription, usage data is processed to create pseudonym usage profiles for market research, advertising, or demand-oriented document layouts (e.g., newsletters or white papers). these data are:
personal form of address
first and last name
e-mail address
country
language
external id
logged in / logged out (opt-in / opt-out)
number of undelivered newsletters
with future effect, you can withdraw your consent at any time by sending a message to [email protected]
2.5 registration
when registering on the operator's website you can create a customer account. for doing so, please provide the following information:
product group
first and last name
e-mail
username and password (choose yourself)
company
country
furthermore, the following additional information is given on a voluntary basis:
gender
phone number
address, postal code and city
the operator will retain your registration according to the legal provisions. the operator will use your data to fulfil contractual agreements, to contact you and to send information.the operator will process the provided data to respond to your registration and for communication with you. this data is absolutely necessary for the mentioned proceedings. the permission of data processing is based on art. 6 (1) b) ds-gvo, according to which processing is lawful if required to fulfill a contract the concerned person is a contractual party of, of if required to perform pre-contractual measures on request of the concerned person.providing your data is required for registration and communication with the operator. not providing the operator with your personal data will result in the operator not being in a position to handle or fully handle your registration.the personal data processed in the context of registration will be deleted after the statutory obligations for retention having expired, unless the responsible has a legitimate interest in further retention. in any case, only those data mandatorily required to achieve the corresponding purpose will be further retained. personal data is anonymized to the maximum extent possible.
2.6 use of cookies
the operator uses so-called cookies for data collection and retention. cookies are little data packets that usually consist of letters and numbers which are saved on the browser when visiting specified websites. the cookies allow the website recognize your browser, follow you as you browse through different website sections and to identify you when returning to the website. cookies do not contain data for personal identification, but the information about you stored by the operator can be assigned to the data received and stored in the cookies.information about you collected by the operator by use of cookies may be used for the following purposes:
recognizing the user's computer when visiting the website
tracking the user's browsing activities on the website
improving the website's usability
evaluating use of the operator's website
website operation
preventing fraud and improving website security
individual website design taking into account the users' needs
cookies do not harm browsers. they do not contain viruses neither do they enable the operator to spy on you. there are two types of cookies in use. temporary cookies are automatically deleted when closing your browser (session cookies). permanent cookies with up to 20 days maximum lifetime. this cookie type will recognized you upon calling up the website again. cookies allow the operator to identify your usage behavior for the above-mentioned purposes to the related extent. furthermore, cookies are intended to provide you with an optimized browsing experience on the operator's website. the operator will collect such data in anonymized form only.of course, the website is also accessible without cookies. should you refrain from the operator recognizing your computer, you can deny cookies being stored on your hard drive by selecting "do not accept cookies" in your browser settings. please refer to your browser instructions for details on how-to. however, not accepting cookies may lead to limited functionality of the services offered by the operator. furthermore, to delete cookies already set in your browser, please refer to the browser instructions.legitimacy of processing is based on art. 6 (1) f) ds-gvo, according to which processing is lawful if required for protecting the legitimate interests of the operator or a third party, unless such interests are overridden by fundamental rights and freedoms which require protection of personal data. the operator's legitimate interest lies in the optimized presentation of his website. providing your data is required for error-free call up of the operator's website. not accepting cookies or deleting cookies already set may lead to limited website functionality.of course, the website is also accessible without cookies. should you refrain from the operator recognizing your computer, you can deny cookies being stored on your hard drive by selecting "do not accept cookies" in your browser settings. please refer to your browser instructions for details on how-to. furthermore, to delete cookies already set in your browser, please refer to the browser instructions.providing your data is not required neither by law nor contract. not accepting cookies or deleting cookies already set may lead to limited website functionality.temporary cookies are automatically deleted when closing your browser (session cookies). permanent cookies with up to 20 days maximum lifetime. this cookie type will recognized you upon calling up the website again.
2.7 use of tracking tools
google analytics
the operator uses the web analytics service of google analytics of google ireland limited, google building gordon house, barrow st, dublin 4, ireland. they utilize the cookies described above to collect information about your operating system, your browser, your ip address, the previously visited website as wells as date and time of your visit to the operator's website. the cookie-generated information about the website use is transferred to a google server in the usa where it is saved. when provided to google, your personal data come under the standard data protection clauses in accordance with art. 46 (2) c) ds-gvo by the european commission in accordance with art. 93 (2) ds-gvo. information on standard data protection clauses can be found on the website of the european commission https://ec.europa.eu/info/index_de).google will use this information for evaluating website usage, for compiling reports on website activities for website operators and for providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage. if required by law or in the event of third-party data processing on behalf of google, google will pass this information to such third parties. use will be anonymized or pseudonymized. more information is available directly at google http://www.google.com/intl/de/privacypolicy.html#information
google analytics applies the double click dart cookie. you can disable the dart cookie use at visiting the privacy policy of google's advertising network and content advertising network.
when using google analytics, no direct personal data but only the internet protocol address will be stored. this information is used to automatically recognize you the next time you are vising the operator's website and to ease you navigation.
you can prevent the installation of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your internet user program (browser). doing so requires you to disable cookie storage in your internet browser. for more information, please refer to the instructions of your browser.
legitimacy of processing is based on art. 6 (1) a) ds-gvo, according to which processing is permitted the concerned person has agreed on processing his/her personal data to one or more specified purposes. data processing is for the purposes mentioned above. the consent can be declared when calling the website.
providing your data is not required neither by law nor contract. failure to provide the data results in this tool not being operational for use.
personal data collected in the context of the use of google analytics will be deleted unless the responsible person has a legitimate interest in continued retention. in any case, only those data mandatorily required to achieve the corresponding purpose will be further retained. personal data is anonymized to the maximum extent possible.
for optimal implementation of google analytics we use the google tag manager offered by google ireland limited. with the help of this service, the so-called tracking code ("tag") can be embedded in the source code of the website, so that the embedded tag is "triggered" with each page view, providing google analytics with the aforementioned data. in doing so, google may also process personal information (e.g. ip address). data processing may be in the usa (see above). google analytics being disabled will imply all affected tracking tags that are integrated by the google tag manager.
in the course of using google analytics, we also use the google ads service and in particular the remarketing functionality. this allows us to present our website users with advertising based on their interests on other websites within the google advertising network. for doing so, we analyze the user interaction on our website, e.g. the topics the user was interested in, so that after having ended their session on our website users will be presented targeted advertising on other websites. for this purpose, google saves cookies on end devices of users visiting specific google services or websites in the google display network. these user visits are registered by such cookies. the cookies are used for unique web browser identification on a particular end device, not for identifying a person.
hotjar
for statistical user data analysis, the operator uses the tool hotjar of hotjar limited, level 2, st julian's business centre, 3, elia zammit street, st julian's stj 1000, malta. this implies setting of cookies.
when visiting the website, hotjar automatically will be collecting information about your user behavior. this means, for example:
ip address of the end device
type of end device
screen size of the end device
geographical location
the website-selected language
the domain used
date and time of the visit
hotjar analyzes behavior and feedback of the website users with the help of combined analytics and feedback tools (heatmaps, conversion funnels, visitor recording, incoming feedback, feedback polls, and surveys). hotjar allows operators to access reports and visual representations of website activities. operators use this information to improve website contents, to optimize navigation and implement user requirements. for more information, go to hotjar at https://www.hotjar.com/legal/policies/privacy/de/.
data processing permission is based on art. 6 (1) a) ds-gvo (to be agreed to). when visiting the website you can agree to the user behavior analysis by ticking the check box. it goes without saying that providing your personal data is voluntary.
providing your data is not required neither by law nor contract. failure to provide the data results in this tool not being operational for use.
the personal data collected while using hotjar will be deleted unless the responsible party has a legitimate interest in continued retention. in any case, only those data mandatorily required to achieve the corresponding purpose will be further retained.
2.8 social-media
youtube
the operator's website integrates videos of the provider youtube of youtube llc, 901 cherry avenue, san bruno, ca 94066, usa, represented by google inc. located at 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
as long as not clicking the video youtube will not set any cookies. playing the video will establish a connection to a youtube server. this way youtube will be informed which of the operator's web pages you have visited.
playing the video while being logged into youtube as a member will assign the information to your youtube user account. when using the service, such as clicking the start button of a video, this information is also assigned to your user account. you can prevent this assignment by logging out of your youtube user account as well as of other user accounts of youtube llc and google inc. prior to visiting our website and by deleting the cookies of related companies. for more information on youtube data processing and privacy please go to https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=de=de.
your personal data transfer to youtube comes under standard data protection clauses according to art. 46 (2) c) ds-gvo issued by the european commission in compliance with art. 93 (2) ds-gvo. information on standard data protection clauses can be found on the european commission's website: https://ec.europa.eu/info/index_de.
the operator uses youtube to provide you with videos on various topics. legitimacy of data processing is based on art. 6 (1) f) ds-gvo, according to which processing is lawful if necessary for the protection of legitimate interests of the responsible or a third party and unless the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the concerned person do not override personal data privacy. using data to make videos available for better understanding constitutes a legitimate interest of the operator within the meaning of art. 6 (1) f) ds-gvo.
providing your data is no legal provision nor required for conclusion of contracts. failure to provide the data will result in you not being able to use our website at all respectively to its full extent.
2.9 marketing and communication tools
hubspot
the operator uses the service hubspot of hubspot, 2nd floor 30 north wall quay, dublin 1, ireland for various purposes. hubspot is an integrated software solution that we use to cover various aspects of online marketing. among other things this includes the use of templates for lead generation or setting cookies for user identification. a tracking code on the website allows for importing data from existing website templates into the system for distributing marketing emails which, if required, will be passed on to sales.
as part of optimized marketing activities the following data may be collected and processed via hubspot:
first and last name
e-mail address
country
phone number
company name (and additional information if applicable)
the legal basis for using hubspot is your agreement compliant to art. 6 (1) a) ds-gvo. should you refrain from data collection and processing via hubspot, you can withdraw your consent or object at any time with future effect.setting cookies comes under the legal basis of art. 6 (1) f) ds-gvo. a legitimate interest of the operator is the optimal website use for marketing purposes with this information being optimized and adapted according to the needs of target groups.personal data will be retained as long as they are required for processing purposes. subsequently, the data will be deleted.for more information about hubspot's privacy policy, click here: https://www.hubspot.de/data-privacy/gdpr/hubspot-product-playbook.
liveagent
the operator applies the liveagent tool of quality unit llc, 3 germay dr unit 4-1130, wilmington, de 19804, usa. here, our employees log in as online agents and will answer your questions in the chat window. further to the chat you have started you will receive so-called invitations. after one minute, a message pops up on the product page asking if you like to start a chat.in addition a ticket system is used. the chat conversation is represented as a ticket, which will be sent to you by e-mail. this allows the operator to process customer requests in a chronological order of the request date. the purpose of this type of processing is the legitimate interest according to art. 6 para. 1 f) ds-gvo in a user-friendly and efficient customer service and reply to customer inquiries.personal data will be retained as long as they are required for processing purposes. subsequently, the data will be deleted.for more privacy information related to liveagent click here: https://www.liveagent.com/gdpr/gdpr-in-deutsch/.
webinargeek
for customer webinars the operator applies the software webinargeek by webinargeek b.v., chroomstraat 12, zoetermeer, nl. the service is embedded on individual pages via web forms (iframe). the web forms are used to register for webinars. registration is entirely administered at webinargeek. however, in some individual cases the web forms are not embedded on the website. instead, a link leads to an external site hosted by webinargeek where registration is handled.
during registration the following personal data will be collected:
first and last name
e-mail address
country
phone number
company name (additional information, if applicable)
data processing by the operator is based on the legitimate interest in contacting customers and holding webinars (art. 6 para. 1 f) ds-gvo).personal data will be retained as long as they are required for processing purposes. subsequently, the data will be deleted.for more information on privacy at webinargeek, please click here: https://www.webinargeek.com/privacy.
2.10 online application
you can apply online for vacant positions using our career portal. application requires the following data and documents:
personal form of address
first name
last name
e-mail address / login
password
user language
curriculum vitae
how did you find out about us
the following additional data respectively documents can be provided voluntarily:
photo
linkedin profile
xing profile
application letter
other documents
about you
alternatively, you can hand in an application on your own initiative. doing so would require the following data respectively documents:
personal form of address
first name
last name
e-mail address / login
password
user language
department
curriculum vitae
you can also provide the following voluntary information:
phone
entry as
country
comment
company
working location
required completed education
application letter
other documents
about you
you can select whether to save are not to save your data for other job offers.
the data will be used by the application-responsible person. once being registered, you can log in with your username and password and follow the application process.
your data is stored by the external software provider umantis ag in st. gallen (switzerland) and processed by the application-responsible person.
your data will be processed by the operator for application purposes. processing permissibility comes under section 26 bdsg (new), according to which personal employee data may be processed for employment purposes, it required for the decision of establishing employment relationship. failure to provide the requested information and documents results in the operator not being able to consider you in the application process. providing the data is required by contract.
in general, application documents received at the operator are retained for the 6 months following the rejection of the application, unless the applicant has given his/her consent for prolonged retention.
3. right to information, correction, deletion, restriction, objection and data portability
3.1 right of access (art. 15 ds-gvo)
upon request, the operator will inform you whether any data relating to you are processed. the operator endeavors to quickly reply to information requests.
3.2 right of rectification (art. 16 ds-gvo)
you have the right to request the responsible person to correct any inaccurate personal data on you without undue delay.
3.3 right to deletion (art. 17 ds-gvo)
you have the right to request the operator to delete your personal data concerning without undue delay, and the operator is obliged to delete personal data without undue delay, in the event of one of the reasons according to art. 17 (1) a)-f) ds-gvo should apply.
3.4 right to restriction (art. 18 ds-gvo)
you have the right to request the operator restricted data processing should one of the conditions of art. 18 (1) a)-d) ds-gvo be present.
3.5 right to objection (art. 21 ds-gvo)
at any time you have the right to object for reasons of your particular situation, to processing of your personal data according to clause 6(1)(e) or (f) ds-gvo; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. the operator will no longer process your personal data unless being in a position to prove compelling legitimate reasons for data processing overriding your interests, rights and freedoms, or if processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
you can reject processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at all times, this also applies also to profiling when related to such direct marketing actions.
at any time you have the right to object for reasons of your particular situation, to processing of your personal data for scientific or historical research purposes, or statistical purposes compliant to article 89(1) ds-gvo, unless processing is required for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest.
please address your message to the contact address stated in the imprint.
3.6 right to data transferability (art. 20 ds-gvo)
you have the right to obtain your personal data provided to the operator in a structured, common and machine-readable format, and you have the right to transfer this data to another responsible without being hindered by the operator to whom the personal data has been provided, if processing is agreed and based on art. 6 (1) a) ds-gvo, art. 9 (2) a) ds-gvo or on a contract compliant to art. 6 (1) b) ds-gvo and if processing is with the aid of automated processes.
4. withdrawing your consent
if you have given your consent to the processing of your personal data and withdraw this consent, the processing executed up to the point in time of the withdrawal will remain unaffected by the withdrawal.
5. right of complaint
at any time you have the right to complain to file a complaint at the competent supervisory authority.
6. recipient
the data collected when calling up and using the website and the information you provide when contacting us are transmitted and saved to the operator's server. otherwise, your data may be disclosed to the following categories of recipients:inhouse departments involved in the processing of your personal data (e.g. hr , marketing , customer service)processing entities (e.g. data center, it service provider, tracking tool provider)contractual partner of the operator (e.g. transport agent)groups of companies being commissioned with service provision
7. links to third party sites
visiting the website may provide you with contents linked to third-party websites. the operator has no access to cookies or other features applied by third-party sites, nor is the operator in a position to control them. such third-party sites do not come under the operator's privacy policy.
information on the processing of personal data, category distribution
here you can find information on data processing at our group companies in connection with the distribution of our products.
privacy policy for the facebook fan page

this is baumer
company
working at baumer
locations
suppliers
certificates
products & solutions
product overview
solutions
know-how
repair & claim management
stay informed
news
news & press
newsletter
baumer in the united states
baumer ltd.122 spring street, unit c-6ct 06489 southington, usa
+1 800 937 9336
[email protected]
legal information
privacy
terms and conditions
cookie settings
