frameworkscloud mqtt brokermqtt brokeriot simulatoriot for education
cloud mqtt broker
mqtt broker
iot simulator
iot for education
industry 4.0smart manufacturingoee dprmeswip manager
smart manufacturing
oee dpr
mes
wip manager
customers
downloads
support
sign up now
sign up now
terms of use
license
privacy policy
refund policy
faq
contact
privacy policy
welcome to bevywise.com
if you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern the bevywise networks relationship with you in relation to this website. if you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
what personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
when ordering, downloading products or contacting us on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
when do we collect information?
we collect information from you when you fill out a form, open a support ticket or enter information on our site or when you provide us with feedback on our products or services.
how do we use your information?
we may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website or use certain other site features in the following ways:
to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested
to allow us to serve you better, in responding to your customer service requests
to write to you to get your feedback on the product
to ask for ratings and reviews of services or products
to follow up after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries).
how do we protect your information?
our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible. we use regular malware scanning.
do we use ‘cookies’?
cookies are small pieces of data stored on your computer by websites including this one. cookies usually contain anonymous information which can only be accessed by the website which placed it on your computer.
you can delete cookies, however you may lose information which enables you to access the website more quickly or enables use of certain services or systems on the website.
you can choose to disable cookies in your browser. by default your browser will accept cookies. for further details please consult the help menu in your browser. disabling cookies may prevent you from using certain areas of the website, as well as some services.
third-party disclosure
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.
third-party links
we do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
contacting us
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
[email protected]
frameworks
mqtt broker
cloud mqtt broker
mqtt platform
iot simulator
2035, sunset lake, roadsuite b-2,
newark, delaware – 12702, usa
industry 4.0
mes
oee dpr
wip manager
wip limits
mqtt
what is mqtt?
getting starter guide
developer guide
mqtt vs rest
the company
customers
support
iot tips
blogs
about us
contact us
careers
terms of use | privacy policy | eula
follow
follow
follow
follow
follow
