make a donation
information for detainees
get involved
campaign
stories from detention
research and policy
news
about
make a donation
privacy
privacy policy for www.biduk.org
bid is dedicated to safeguarding and preserving your privacy when visiting our site or communicating electronically with us. we comply with all uk and eu privacy laws such as the data protection act 2018 and the eu general data protection regulation (“gdpr”). bid is a registered data controller, number z4954749 on the ico’s public register of data controllers. this privacy policy, together with our terms of use, explains what happens to any personal data that you provide to us, or that we collect from you when you are on this site. we do update this policy from time to time so please do return and review this policy regularly.
information we collect bid collects minimal personal data about you when you visit this site, including:
details of your visits to our      website and the resources that you access, including, but not limited to,      traffic data, location data, weblogs and other communication data.
information provided to us when you communicate with us for any reason using the details provided on the website
use of cookies bid does not use any cookies on its website. where bid decides to use any non-essential cookies on the website, it will first seek your consent.
if bid does decide to use any cookies or tracking mechanisms, bid will ensure the information will not identify you personally.
all computers have the ability to decline cookies. this can be done by activating the setting on your browser which enables you to decline the cookies. please note that should you choose to decline cookies, you may be unable to access particular parts of our website. use of your information bid will only use your personal information for specified purposes in accordance with data protection rules.
occasionally, bid may process information on the basis of bid’s legitimate interests, the legitimate interests of detainees and other public policy objectives, to undertake research and monitor trends in relation to immigration casework.
please note that all legal casework will be subject to a separate data protection policy and full details regarding the use and disclosure of such information will always be provided to individuals.
storing your personal data we will only keep your personal data for limited timeframes, in accordance with the purpose for which it was collected. we may sometimes transfer data that we collect from you to locations outside of the european economic area for processing and storing. also, it may be processed by staff operating outside the european economic area who work for us or for a sub-contractor. for example, such staff maybe engaged in the provision of technical support services. by submitting your personal data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing. we will take all reasonable steps to make sure that your data is treated securely and in agreement with this privacy policy. data that is provided to us is stored on our secure servers. details relating to any transactions entered into on our site will be encrypted to ensure its safety. the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of data sent to us electronically and transmission of such data is therefore entirely at your own risk. where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password so that you can access certain parts of our site, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. disclosing your information where applicable, we may disclose your personal information to third parties where we are legally required to disclose your information. third party links you might find links to third party websites on our website. these websites should have their own privacy policies which you should check. we do not accept any responsibility or liability for their policies whatsoever as we have no control over them. your rights you have several rights under data protection rules, such as the right to request your data is updated; and in certain cases deleted.
you also have the right to access the information that we hold about you. should you wish to receive a copy of the information we hold about you please contact us using the contact details below.
contacting us we welcome any queries, comments or requests you may have regarding this privacy policy. please contact [email protected]
find out about our fundraising promise and fundraising complaints procedure. the information commissioner’s office (“ico”) monitors and enforces data protection in the uk. for further details please see www.ico.org.uk.
facebook
twitter
privacy
casework privacy policy
accessibility
fundraising promise
covid-19 news
sign up for e-newsletters
contact us
