javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.
update browser now.
×
sign-in
sign-in
e-bikes
e-bikes
e-scooters
e-scooters
support
support
learn
learn
why e-bikes
why e-bikes
about us
about us
gift cards
gift cards
home
privacy policy
privacy
buzz bicycle corporation
please read carefully before using this site.
this website (“site”) is owned and operated by buzz bicycles. this privacy policy (“policy”) describes how we handle information we learn about you from the site. this site is intended for use within the united states. users from other countries (for example, site visitors looking for convenient information about the location of our distributors worldwide) are advised not to disclose personally identifiable information to buzz because the protection of their information will be under u.s. law which may differ from the law of their home country.
this policy is effective as of november 25 2014. your prior activities on our site may have been governed by an earlier version of the policy.
from time to time, we may use your information for new, unanticipated uses not previously disclosed in our policy. if our information practices change materially at some time in the future, we will post the changes to our site and revise our policy accordingly. in addition, if we have collected personally-identifying information from you, we will notify you about the changes and secure your consent prior to making use of your information in new ways.
information we collect
our internet site is meant to be a service to you. in order to provide you with the best products, timely information and quality customer service, we record a variety of information from your visit to our site.
personal information:
we collect personal and contact information (“personal information”) you choose to provide to us in connection with your activities on the site. this may include name, address, email address, phone number, and credit card information. if you choose to set up an account with us, you will also set up a user name and password. you may also reveal personal information if you use our live chat feature or email inquiry features, if you register your bike on the site, or if you submit product reviews.
in addition to servicing your account, we may use your information to contact you with promotional messages we think might interest you.
other user information we collect:
in addition, for each visitor to our site, we automatically gather certain other information and store it in log files. this information includes (as applicable) internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, your operating system, date/time stamp, processor or device serial number, unique device identifier, method, uri stem, uri query, win 32 status, bytes sent, bytes received and clickstream data. we collect and store this information on an individual basis and in aggregate, or combined, form. we also collect both user-specific and aggregate information on what pages visitors’ access or visit. in addition, when you elect to tell us where you are so that you can access the relevant country-specific version of our site, we collect (but do not retain) that location information.
cookies:
this site also uses “cookies” to collect information. a cookie is a small data file that most major websites write to your hard drive for record keeping purposes when you visit them. cookies allow buzz to measure activity on the various areas of this site and to improve your user experience. cookies are also used to measure activity on the site and make improvements and updates based on which areas are popular and which are not. we do not use cookies to retrieve information from your computer that was not originally sent in a cookie. most browsers are initially set to accept cookies. if you would prefer, you can set yours to refuse cookies or to alert you when cookies are being sent. however, it is possible that some parts of a site will not function properly if you do so.
“do not track” signals:
we do not currently have the capability to recognize browser ‘do not track’ signals. we adhere to the standards set forth in this privacy policy.
analytics:
to determine how many users visit our site, how often they visit this site, and to better understand the areas of greatest interest to our visitors, we use tools such as “google analytics” to compile this information for us. as a result of your visit to our site, these analytics companies may collect information such as your domain type, your ip address and clickstream information. we do not combine the information collected through the use of analytics tools with personally identifiable information.  for more information about analytics companies’ ability to use and share information about your visits to this site, see http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
ad networks:
as you browse our site, advertising cookies will be placed on your computer to help us understand what products and services you are interested in. when you visit other sites, our display advertising partners let us show you retargeting advertising based on your interaction with our site. our ad partners do not collect personal information such as your name, email address, postal address, or telephone number.
payment policy
credit cards
buzz bicycles accepts all major credit cards, including visa, mastercard, american express, and discover.
buzz bicycles accepts debit cards with the visa or mastercard logos.
check-debit and international credit cards are not accepted.
digital wallet services
buzz bicycles accepts the use of apple’s applepay for secure payments from approved applepay devices. click here for more information about privacy and security with applepay.
buzz bicycles is paypal verified, and we accept paypal as a payment method. click here for more information about privacy and security with paypal.
buzz bicycles accepts the use of klarna for payments over time. click here for more information about privacy and security with klarna.
egift cards
no tax on egift cards
no shipping costs on egift cards. all e-gift cards are delivered by email.
no discounts on e-gift cards.
egift cards expire in 5 years from the date of purchase.
use of egift cards can only be redeemed at buzzbicycles.com
redeemable only for goods and services not exceeding the remaining credit balance on this egift card.
treat this egift card as cash; if it is lost, it will not be replaced. this card is the property of the issuer.
e-gift card is redeemable by the bearer for merchandise or services at buzzbicycles.com.
disclosure of collected information to third parties
buzz does not sell, trade, rent or otherwise provide your personal data to third parties without prior permission from you, except as follows:
we may share information with our subsidiaries, website hosting partners or other parties who assist buzz in operating this site
we may share your data in an aggregate format, as well as aggregate usage information, with third parties for both advertising and promotional purposes
we cooperate with all law enforcement inquiries, and with all third parties, to enforce their intellectual property or other legal rights
how long do we keep the information we collect?
information collected through this site is retained for as long as it is useful to buzz either for servicing our relationship with you or for other business reasons. any information you submit to this site as part of a public posting or in any materials intended for public view is retained indefinitely.
how to correct information
when you create an account online, that information is stored on our servers. you may update that personal information via the site should the need arise.
will your information be secure?
buzz recognizes that visitors to our site are concerned about the security of their personally identifiable information, and we are committed to employing reasonable technology in order to protect the security of our site. please note, however, that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. therefore, while we use commercially-reasonable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
third party links
as a convenience to our visitors, buzz’s site may contain links to a number of sites that we believe may offer useful information. this policy does not apply to those sites. we suggest contacting those sites directly for information on their data collection and distribution policies.
your rights under the ccpa
under this privacy policy, and by law if you are a resident of california, you have the following rights:
the right to notice. you must be properly notified of which categories of personal data are being collected and the purposes for which the personal data is being used.
the right to access / the right to request. the ccpa permits you to request and obtain from the company information regarding the disclosure of your personal data that has been collected in the past 12 months by the company or its subsidiaries to a third party for the third party's direct marketing purposes.
the right to say no to the sale of personal data. you also have the right to ask the company not to sell your personal data to third parties. you can submit such a request by visiting our "do not sell my personal information" section or web page.
the right to know about your personal data. you have the right to request and obtain from the company information regarding the disclosure of the following:
the categories of personal data collected
the sources from which the personal data was collected
the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling the personal data
categories of third parties with whom we share personal data
the specific pieces of personal data we collected about you
the right to delete personal data. you also have the right to request the deletion of your personal data that have been collected in the past 12 months.
the right not to be discriminated against. you have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of your consumer's rights, including by:
denying goods or services to you
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties
providing a different level or quality of goods or services to you
suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
exercising your ccpa data protection rights
in order to exercise any of your rights under the ccpa, and if you are a california resident, you can email or call us or visit our "do not sell my personal information" section or web page.
the company will disclose and deliver the required information free of charge within 45 days of receiving your verifiable request. the time period to provide the required information may be extended once by an additional 45 days when reasonably necessary and with prior notice.
do not sell my personal information
we do not sell personal information. however, the service providers we partner with (for example, our advertising partners) may use technology on the service that "sells" personal information as defined by the ccpa law.if you wish to opt-out of the use of your personal information for interest-based advertising purposes and these potential sales as defined under ccpa law, you may do so by following the instructions below.please note that any opt-out is specific to the browser you use. you may need to opt out of every browser that you use.
website
you can opt-out of receiving ads that are personalized as served by our service providers by following our instructions presented on the service:
from our "cookie consent" notice banner
or from our "ccpa opt-out" notice banner
or from our "do not sell my personal information" notice banner
or from our "do not sell my personal information" link
the opt-out will place a cookie on your computer that is unique to the browser you use to opt-out. if you change browsers or delete the cookies saved by your browser, you will need to opt-out again.
mobile devices
your mobile device may give you the ability to opt-out of the use of information about the apps you use in order to serve you ads that are targeted to your interests:
"opt-out of interest-based ads" or "opt-out of ads personalization" on android devices
"limit ad tracking" on ios devices
you can also stop the collection of location information from your mobile device by changing the preferences on your mobile device.
"do not track" policy as required by california online privacy protection act (caloppa)
our service does not respond to do not track signals.
however, some third-party websites do keep track of your browsing activities. if you are visiting such websites, you can set your preferences in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked. you can enable or disable dnt by visiting the preferences or settings page of your web browser.
your california privacy rights (california's shine the light law)
under california civil code section 1798 (california's shine the light law), california residents with an established business relationship with us can request information once a year about sharing their personal data with third parties for the third parties' direct marketing purposes.
if you'd like to request more information under the california shine the light law, and if you are a california resident, you can contact us using the contact information provided below.
california privacy rights for minor users (california business and professions code section 22581)
california business and professions code section 22581 allow california residents under the age of 18 who are registered users of online sites, services or applications to request and obtain removal of content or information they have publicly posted.
to request removal of such data, and if you are a california resident, you can contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account.
be aware that your request does not guarantee complete or comprehensive removal of content or information posted online and that the law may not permit or require removal in certain circumstances.
questions about our privacy policy and practices
if you have any questions about the policy or our privacy practices, you may contact:
buzz bicycles     8877 gander creek drive    miamisburg, oh 45342    800.872.2453info@buzzbicycles.com
buzz power to you
keep up with the latest - including promos
#buzzthroughlife
