about
groups
events
blog
members
visit a group
sign up
log in
privacy policy
last modified: july 2019
certus privacy policy
last modified: july 2019

1. introduction
g&p networking, llc (“certus”) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting it through its compliance with this policy.
this policy describes the types of information certus may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website located at www.certusnetwork.com (the “website”) or use the certus services (the website and services are collectively referred to as the “services”), and certus’s practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting and disclosing that information.
this policy applies to information certus collects:
on the website or through the services.
in e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and certus.
through mobile and desktop applications you download from the website which provide dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and certus and the services.
when you interact with certus’s advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy.
it does not apply to information collected by:
certus offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by certus or any third party; or
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the services.
please read this policy carefully to understand certus’s policies and practices regarding your information and how certus will treat it.  if you do not agree with certus’s policies and practices, your choice is not to use the services.  by accessing or using the services, you agree to this privacy policy.  this policy may change from time to time.  your continued use of the services after certus makes changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.

2. children under the age of 13
the services are not intended for children under 13 years of age.  no one under age 13 may provide any information to or on the website.  certus does not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13.  if you are under 13, do not use or provide any information on the website or on or through any of its features, register on the website, make any purchases through the services, use any of the interactive or public comment features of the services or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use.  if certus learns it has collected or received personal information from a child under 13 without verification of parental consent, certus will delete that information.  if you believe certus might have any information from or about a child under 13, please contact us at admin@certusnetwork.com.

3. information certus collects about you and how certus collects it
certus collects several types of information from and about users of certus’s services, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number (“personal information”);
that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access the services and usage details.
certus collects this information:
directly from you when you provide it to us.
automatically as you navigate through the website. information collected automatically may include usage details, ip addresses and information collected through cookies, web beacons, and other tracking technologies.
from third parties, for example, certus’s business partners.
information you provide to us
the information certus collects on or through certus’s services may include:
information that you provide by filling in forms on the website. this includes information provided at the time of registering to use the services, posting material, or requesting further services. certus may also ask you for information when you contact us and when you report a problem.
records and copies of your correspondence (including e-mail addresses), if you contact certus.
details of transactions you carry out through the services and of the fulfillment of your orders. you may be required to provide financial information before placing an order.
your search queries on or through the website.
you also may provide information to be published or displayed (hereinafter, “posted”) on public areas of the website, or transmitted to other users of the website. services or third parties (collectively, “user contributions”).  your user contributions are posted on and transmitted to others at your own risk.  although certus limits access to certain pages, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.  additionally, certus cannot control the actions of other users of the website with whom you may choose to share your user contributions.  therefore, certus cannot and does not guarantee that your user contributions will not be viewed by unauthorized persons.
information certus collects through automatic data collection technologies
as you navigate through and interact with the website, certus may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns, including:
details of your visits, including traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the website or application.
information about your device, computer and internet connection, including your ip address, operating system and browser type.
the information certus collects automatically may include personal information, or certus may maintain it or associate it with personal information certus collects in other ways or receive from third parties.  it helps us to improve certus’s services and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling certus to:
estimate certus’s audience size and usage patterns.
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize certus’s website according to your individual interests.
speed up your searches.
recognize you when you return to certus’s website.
the technologies certus uses for this automatic data collection may include:
cookies (or browser cookies). a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser.  however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of certus’s website.  unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, certus’s system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to certus’s website.
flash cookies.  certain features of certus’s website may use local stored objects (or flash cookies) to collect and store information about your preferences and navigation to, from and on certus’s services.  flash cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as are used for browser cookies.
web beacons. pages of the website and certus’s e-mails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags and single-pixel gifs) that permit certus, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an e-mail and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain website content and verifying system and server integrity).

4. third-party use of cookies and other tracking technologies
some content or applications, including advertisements, on the website are served by third-parties, including advertisers, ad networks and servers, content providers and application providers. these third parties may use cookies alone or in conjunction with web beacons or other tracking technologies to collect information about you when you use the website. the information they collect may be associated with your personal information or they may collect information, including personal information, about your online activities over time and across different websites and other online services.  they may use this information to provide you with interest-based (behavioral) advertising or other targeted content.
certus does not control these third parties’ tracking technologies or how they may be used.  if you have any questions about an advertisement or other targeted content, you should contact the responsible provider directly.

5. do not track requests

the website does not support “do not track” requests.  to determine whether any of the third party services accessed through the website honor the “do not track” requests, please read their privacy policies.

6. how certus uses your information
certus uses information that certus collects about you or that you provide to certus, including any personal information:
to present certus’s services and its contents to you.
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from certus.
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
to provide you with notices about your account, including expiration and renewal notices.
to carry out certus’s obligations and enforce certus’s rights arising from any contracts entered into between you and certus, including for billing and collection.
to notify you about changes to certus’s services or any products or services certus offers or provide though it.
to allow you to participate in interactive features on certus’s website.
to allow you access to third party service provider accounts
hosting and backend infrastructure purposes
displaying content from external platforms
analytics
registration and authentication
handling payments
commercial affiliation
advertising
infrastructure monitoring
interaction with support and feedback platforms
managing support and contact requests
in any other way certus may describe when you provide the information.
for any other purpose with your consent.
certus may use the information it has collected from you to enable it to display advertisements to certus’s advertisers’ target audiences.  even though certus does not disclose your personal information for these purposes without your consent, if you click on or otherwise interact with an advertisement, the advertiser may assume that you meet its target criteria.

7. disclosure of your information
certus may disclose aggregated information about certus’s users, and information that does not identify any individual, without restriction.
certus may disclose personal information that certus collects or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
to certus’s subsidiaries and affiliates.
to contractors, service providers and other third parties certus uses to support certus’s business.
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of certus’s assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by certus about certus’s services users is among the assets transferred.
to third parties to market their products or services to you if you have not opted out of these disclosures.
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
with your consent.
certus may also disclose your personal information:
to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
to enforce or apply certus’s terms of use, https://certusnetwork.com/terms-of-use , membership agreement, https://certusnetwork.com/member-agreement/, or other terms of sale and other agreements, including for billing and collection purposes.
if certus believes disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property, or safety of certus, certus’s customers or others. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.

8. accessing and correcting your information
you can review and change your personal information by logging into the website and visiting your account profile page.
you may also send us an e-mail at admin@certusnetwork.com to request access to, correct or delete any personal information that you have provided to us or change your information in your account.  certus cannot delete your personal information except by also deleting your user account. certus may not accommodate a request to change information if certus believes the change would violate any law or legal requirement or cause the information to be incorrect.
if you delete your user contributions from the website, copies of your user contributions may remain viewable in cached and archived pages, or might have been copied or stored by other website users. proper access and use of information provided on the website, including user contributions, is governed by certus’s terms of use, www.certusnetwork.com/terms.

9. changes to our privacy policy
it is certus’s policy to post any changes certus makes to certus’s privacy policy on this page at https://certusnetwork.com/privacy-policy/. the date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. you are responsible for ensuring certus has an up-to-date active and deliverable e-mail address for you, and for periodically visiting the website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.

10. contact information
to ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and certus’s privacy practices, contact us at: admin@certusnetwork.com.
top 10 networking screw ups & how to avoid them
about us
we are an intentional b2c networking organization that focuses on quality over quantity and long term relationship building.
useful links
sign up
sign up
about us
about us
events
events
visit a group
visit a group
contact
westminster, co 80003
(720) 575-0322
info@certusnetworkhttps://certusnetwork.com
privacy policy
|
terms of use
|
membership agreement





