productsrazberi technologieswavelynx access controlnew product releasesvideodataaudiocontact closureethernetmanaged ethernet switchesfiber optic ethernetcopper ethernetwireless ethernetaccessoriesvaluelinecompakpower supplies
razberi technologies
wavelynx access control
new product releases
video
data
audio
contact closure
ethernet
managed ethernet switches
fiber optic ethernet
copper ethernet
wireless ethernet
accessories
valueline
compak
power supplies
about usinnovation by designnewseventscareersproject referencesgo-green initiativeprivacy policy
innovation by design
news
events
careers
project references
go-green initiative
privacy policy
marketsitssecuritygovernmentgamingelectric pt&dindustrial automation
its
security
government
gaming
electric pt&d
industrial automation
supporttech supportdesign centercustomer careproduct replacementsdiscontinued product support
tech support
design center
customer care
product replacements
discontinued product support
resourcestrainingproduct documentsvideosmarketing materialsknowledge base
training
product documents
videos
marketing materials
knowledge base
how to buyinternationallatin americanorth americastrategic partnersreturnstermswarranty
international
latin america
north america
strategic partners
returns
terms
warranty
contact us﻿﻿contact formdealer applicationprice listregional
﻿﻿contact form
dealer application
price list
regional
acrevanderbilt industries
vanderbilt industries
home
about us
privacy policy
communication networks llc headquartered in the state of connecticut in the united states operates the www.comnet.net website, which provides the service.
this page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information if anyone decided to use our service.
if you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. the personal information that we collect are used for providing and improving the service. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
the terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions, which is accessible at www.comnet.net unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy.
information collection and use
for a better experience while using our service, we may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, phone number, and postal address. the information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you in order to inform you of the benefit of our products or supporting their operation.
data protection rights
you may have the following data protection rights:
to access, correct, update or request deletion of personal information. communication networks llc takes reasonable steps to ensure that the data we collect is reliable for its intended use, accurate, complete and up to date. to opt out of receiving any marketing materials or you may instruct us of changes you can email us on the following address: enable javascript to view protected content..
in addition, individuals who are residents of the eea can object to processing of their personal information, ask to restrict processing of their personal information or request portability of their personal information. to exercise your rights to correct, update, request deletion, object to processing, restrict processing or request portability then you should contact us by emailing enable javascript to view protected content..
similarly, if personal information is collected or processed on the basis of consent, the data subject can withdraw their consent at any time. withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
the right to complain to a data protection authority about the collection and use of personal information. for more information, please contact your local data protection authority. contact details for data protection authorities in the eea are available here.
we respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection law. we may ask you to verify your identity in order to help us respond efficiently to your request. if we receive a request from one of your contacts, we will either direct the contact to reach out to you, or, if appropriate, we may respond directly to their request.
legal basis for processing personal information (eea persons only)
if you are from the european economic area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
however, we will normally collect and use personal information from you where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data-protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms. typically, our legitimate interests include improving, maintaining, providing, and enhancing our technology, products, and services; ensuring the security of the services and our websites; and for our marketing activities.
if you are a client, we may need the personal information to perform a contract with you. in some limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you.
if we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contact with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not, as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information.
where required by law, we will collect personal information only where we have your consent to do so.
if you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us.
for eea residents:
for the purposes of eu data protection legislation, our data protection function is handled by one of our group companies comnet europe limited headquartered in the uk and is the controller of your personal information. our data protection officer can be contacted at enable javascript to view protected content..
international transfers
(i) we operate in the united states
our servers and offices are located in the united states, so your information may be transferred to, stored, or processed in the united states. while the data protection, privacy, and other laws of the united states might not be as comprehensive as those in your country, we take many steps to protect your privacy.
comnet is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the federal trade commission (ftc).
(ii) data transfers from the eu to the united states – eu – u.s. privacy shield
communication networks llc participates in and has certified its compliance with the eu-u.s. privacy shield framework. we are committed to subjecting all personal information received from european union (eu) member countries, respectively, in reliance on each privacy shield framework, to each framework’s applicable principles. if there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the privacy shield principles, the privacy shield principles shall govern.
to learn more about the privacy shield frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the u.s. department of commerce’s privacy shield website, here.
a list of privacy shield participants is maintained by the department of commerce and is available here.
comnet is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the federal trade commission (ftc).
in compliance with the privacy shield principles, comnet commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information. eu individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our privacy shield policy should first contact comnet at comnet europe limited headquartered in the uk and is the controller of your personal information. our data protection officer can be contacted at enable javascript to view protected content..
comnet has further committed to refer unresolved privacy shield complaints to privacy trust, an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the united states. if you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please visit www.privacytrust.com/drs/comnet for more information or to file a complaint. the services of privacy trust are provided at no cost to you.
finally, as a last resort and in limited situations, eu individuals may seek redress from the privacy shield panel, a binding arbitration mechanism.
log data
we want to inform you that whenever you visit our service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called log data. this log data may include information such as your computer’s internet protocol (“ip”) address, browser version, pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics. we retain your information for 18 months after your last transaction with us.
cookies
cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. these are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
our website uses these “cookies” to collection information and to improve our service. you have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. if you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our service.
service providers
we may employ third-party companies and individuals such as analytics and direct marketing companies due to the following reasons:
to facilitate the use of our products;
to assist us in analyzing how our products are used.
analytics
we want to inform our service users that these third parties have access to your personal contact information as a customer or prospect. the reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. however, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
when we transfer your information to third party companies (e.g. analytics or web hosting vendors), we will ensure they maintain the same level of security as us.
in cases of onward transfer to third parties of data of individuals received pursuant to the eu-us privacy shield, comnet remains liable.
legal purposes
comnet will disclose personal information in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
data retention
we further store your personal data only as long as necessary for the fulfilment of the purposes for which it has been collected or as required by law.
security
we value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
links to other sites
our service may contain links to other sites. if you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. note that these external sites are not operated by us. therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these websites. we have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
children’s privacy
our services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. in the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
changes to this privacy policy
the effective start date of this policy is june 1, 2018. we may update our privacy policy from time to time. thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page. these changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
contact us
if you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
raise a privacy shield complaint with privacytrust
corporate and regional office listings
technical pre-sale telephone support for fiber optic system design and engineering assistance, available monday through friday, 8:30 am to 5 pm, est and gmt.na tel: 1-203-796-5300na toll-free: 1-888-678-9427worldwide tel: +44 (0)113 307 6409email: enable javascript to view protected content.
world headquarters
t: +1 203-796-5300
tech support: +1 888-678-9427
enable javascript to view protected content.
comnet europe
t: +44 (0) 2036 300 695
tech support: +44 (0)113 307 6409
enable javascript to view protected content.
