privacy policy | corning.com
products                advancedopticscorning®gorilla® glassdisplayglassenvironmentaltechnologieslifesciencesopticalcommunications pharmaceuticaltechnologies
advancedoptics
corning®gorilla® glass
displayglass
environmentaltechnologies
lifesciences
opticalcommunications
pharmaceuticaltechnologies
markets                opticalcommunicationsmobileconsumer electronicsdisplayautomotivelifesciencesadditionalmarkets
opticalcommunications
mobileconsumer electronics
display
automotive
lifesciences
additionalmarkets
innovation                cultureof innovationemerginginnovationsmaterialssciencethe glass  ageaday made of glass
cultureof innovation
emerginginnovations
materialsscience
the glass  age
aday made of glass
about us                ourcompanybusinesssegmentssustainabilityinvestorrelationsnewsroomannualreport
ourcompany
businesssegments
sustainability
investorrelations
newsroom
annualreport
data privacy

data privacy
corning incorporated internet data protection notice
corning incorporated (“corning,” “we,” “us,” “our”) is committed to safeguarding your data protection online. how your personal data will be processed during your use of corning’s websites is outlined below.
all of the personal data you submit is collected by corning incorporated, and may be shared with one or more local corning entity (ies) located in your country of residence (according to what you provided in the collection form). both corning incorporated and the relevant local corning entity(ies) (hereinafter collectively referred to as “corning”) are acting as joint data controllers in respect of your personal data collected through your use of corning’s websites. please click here to view the names and contact details of all relevant corning entities.
corning has implemented a set of binding corporate rules (“bcrs”) to establish safeguards to ensure that personal data is protected while transferred within the corning group. the implementation of bcrs provides an adequate level of protection for the personal data transfers carried out from the corning european economic area (eea) entities to the other corning entities located in non-eea countries throughout the world as they are drafted in compliance with the general data protection regulation (“gdpr”)1 requirements. the approval of corning’s bcrs was led by the french supervisory authority, the cnil, with secondary input from the german state of hessen and poland’s supervisory authorities.
from time to time, we may make changes to this notice to reflect changes in our business or to serve you better. corning will make reasonable efforts to publish any such changes in this notice, such as posting on this website. you should review this notice periodically to stay informed of any changes. please note the date of the notice below, so that you know when it was last updated.
corning protects your data protection on corning.com and related corning websites through the following basic principles:
corning data privacy office
corning incorporatedone riverfront plazamp-hq-e1-b23acorning, ny 14831usa
(607) 974-9000
privacy@corning.com
i. collection and use of personal datayou will be advised when corning is collecting information through this website about you or your online preferences and expectations and it will be made clear how that information is to be used.our web servers do not collect e-mail addresses unless you provide it to us. however, we do collect generalized information such as the ip address and domain name from which the connection originates. this information is used in the aggregate to measure pages viewed, the amount of time spent on the site, the number of visits, and similar information. we use this information in compliance with our legitimate purpose in improving the contents of this website.in addition, based on our legitimate interest in improving this website, we utilize various types of “cookies” to maintain a record of your visit. for more information about the types of cookies used by corning, how they are used, and your options for limiting their use, please review corning’s cookies policy by clicking here.other than information collected through essential cookies (as described in corning’s cookies policy), you will be able to choose whether or not you want to provide such information. for example, some information collected through cookies may also be used for marketing purposes or for tracking and reporting website traffic. if you choose not to provide some information, please be aware that it may not be possible for you to proceed with your chosen business activity with corning.when you provide us with information such as names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, etc., we will only use them to respond to your inquiries (e.g. provided via the website’s contact form) and manage user established online accounts, based on our legitimate interest in keeping and improving our relationship with you or for specific corning marketing activities, events, or services upon consent from your part when requiredcorning reserves the right to retain electronic communications sent by visitors based on its legitimate interest to detect and interrupt rogue emails. for this purpose, corning also uses specific technology to forward e-mail and to log e-mail transactions. logs of e-mail transactions include: date and time of message; name and ip address of the device used to send the e-mail; e-mail address of message originator; and corning address of recipient
you will be advised when corning is collecting information through this website about you or your online preferences and expectations and it will be made clear how that information is to be used.
our web servers do not collect e-mail addresses unless you provide it to us. however, we do collect generalized information such as the ip address and domain name from which the connection originates. this information is used in the aggregate to measure pages viewed, the amount of time spent on the site, the number of visits, and similar information. we use this information in compliance with our legitimate purpose in improving the contents of this website.
in addition, based on our legitimate interest in improving this website, we utilize various types of “cookies” to maintain a record of your visit. for more information about the types of cookies used by corning, how they are used, and your options for limiting their use, please review corning’s cookies policy by clicking here.
other than information collected through essential cookies (as described in corning’s cookies policy), you will be able to choose whether or not you want to provide such information. for example, some information collected through cookies may also be used for marketing purposes or for tracking and reporting website traffic. if you choose not to provide some information, please be aware that it may not be possible for you to proceed with your chosen business activity with corning.
when you provide us with information such as names, addresses, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, etc., we will only use them to respond to your inquiries (e.g. provided via the website’s contact form) and manage user established online accounts, based on our legitimate interest in keeping and improving our relationship with you or for specific corning marketing activities, events, or services upon consent from your part when required
corning reserves the right to retain electronic communications sent by visitors based on its legitimate interest to detect and interrupt rogue emails. for this purpose, corning also uses specific technology to forward e-mail and to log e-mail transactions. logs of e-mail transactions include: date and time of message; name and ip address of the device used to send the e-mail; e-mail address of message originator; and corning address of recipient
ii. disclosureany information collected about you will be kept secure and not shared with third parties, with the exception of corning affiliates or service providers for the purposes of corning’s own marketing activities or support of the site, unless you give prior permission for that information to be shared. however, corning may have to disclose personal data it considers necessary in order to comply with court orders, subpoenas, governmental or law enforcement requests, or to a third party to which ownership of corning or a corning affiliate is transferred via an acquisition, merger, sale of assets, etc.corning reserves the right to transfer information you provide to other countries in order to share such information with corning affiliates or service providers. we maintain safeguards reasonably intended to protect your personal data from unauthorized or inappropriate access.where the personal data processing involves the transfer of data outside the european union, corning ensures that the transfers are carried out in compliance with the gdpr.personal data transfers to non eu based corning entities are covered by the group’s binding corporate rules, whereas transfers to third-party providers outside the eu are secured through appropriate contractual safeguards such as the eu commission’s standard contractual clauses, the privacy shield certification for transfers to the usa where applicable, or bcrs for processors. you may request and receive copy of such documents by contacting the corning privacy office as provided in the “contact us” section below.
any information collected about you will be kept secure and not shared with third parties, with the exception of corning affiliates or service providers for the purposes of corning’s own marketing activities or support of the site, unless you give prior permission for that information to be shared. however, corning may have to disclose personal data it considers necessary in order to comply with court orders, subpoenas, governmental or law enforcement requests, or to a third party to which ownership of corning or a corning affiliate is transferred via an acquisition, merger, sale of assets, etc.
corning reserves the right to transfer information you provide to other countries in order to share such information with corning affiliates or service providers. we maintain safeguards reasonably intended to protect your personal data from unauthorized or inappropriate access.
where the personal data processing involves the transfer of data outside the european union, corning ensures that the transfers are carried out in compliance with the gdpr.
personal data transfers to non eu based corning entities are covered by the group’s binding corporate rules, whereas transfers to third-party providers outside the eu are secured through appropriate contractual safeguards such as the eu commission’s standard contractual clauses, the privacy shield certification for transfers to the usa where applicable, or bcrs for processors. you may request and receive copy of such documents by contacting the corning privacy office as provided in the “contact us” section below.
iii. retentionyour personal data processed by corning are kept in a form which permits your identification for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed. to determine the data retention period of your data, we use the following criteria:where you create an account, we keep your personal data after a period of inactivity defined in accordance with local law and guidance, unless you require us to delete it earlier;where you contact us for an enquiry, we keep your personal data for the duration needed for the processing of your enquiry;where you have consented to direct marketing, we keep your personal data used for direct marketing until you unsubscribe or require us to delete it or after a period of inactivity (no active interaction with brands) defined in accordance with local regulations and guidance. in that case, we will only keep the information necessary to handle your right to object in accordance with local regulations and guidance and if you are a client we can keep your personal data but only for client management purposewhere cookies are placed on your computer, we keep it for a period defined in accordance with local regulations and guidance.
your personal data processed by corning are kept in a form which permits your identification for no longer than is necessary for the purposes for which the personal data are processed. to determine the data retention period of your data, we use the following criteria:
where you create an account, we keep your personal data after a period of inactivity defined in accordance with local law and guidance, unless you require us to delete it earlier;
where you contact us for an enquiry, we keep your personal data for the duration needed for the processing of your enquiry;
where you have consented to direct marketing, we keep your personal data used for direct marketing until you unsubscribe or require us to delete it or after a period of inactivity (no active interaction with brands) defined in accordance with local regulations and guidance. in that case, we will only keep the information necessary to handle your right to object in accordance with local regulations and guidance and if you are a client we can keep your personal data but only for client management purpose
where cookies are placed on your computer, we keep it for a period defined in accordance with local regulations and guidance.
iv. your rightsyou are allowed to obtain access to the personal data that corning processes and can make reasonable requests to correct, amend, or delete information, where it is inaccurate.in the event you choose to delete or thoroughly anonymize your personal data from our database, we may retain a record of your deletion request as well as records indicating the type of information deleted as evidence of our compliance with this internet protection notice.you can also exercise your rights to obtain the portability of your personal data or to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.in addition, whenever corning processes your personal data based on its legitimate interest, you may at any time object to such processing on legitimate grounds relating to your particular situation.in addition, you can unsubscribe or opt out of our direct marketing communication at any time. it is easiest to do this by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing related email or communication we send you. otherwise, you can contact us using contact detail below.corning does not endorse, nor does it participate in the practice of “spamming” (sending of unsolicited promotional e-mail). if you believe you have received such a message from corning please contact privacy@corning.com.to submit any of the above mentioned requests, please contact us at privacy@corning.com or at the mailing address listed below. be sure to include your name and clear instructions regarding any change to your personal data or request to delete your information from our database, and corning will respond to your message. in case we are unable to complete your request, we will provide you with relevant explanations in due time.you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you suspect that corning is not compliant with applicable data protection rules.. in addition, you can find in the bcrs of corning (and more specially in articles 5.1, 5.4, 6.3, 6.4 and appendix 2) the data protection principles to which corning is subject and that you have the right to enforce, as a third party beneficiary. indeed, if you suffer any damage related to the processing of your personal data, you have the rights to obtain redress and, where appropriate, receive compensation as may be ordered by the competent court or supervisory authority or as decided according to the internal corning complaint mechanism, if used.
you are allowed to obtain access to the personal data that corning processes and can make reasonable requests to correct, amend, or delete information, where it is inaccurate.
in the event you choose to delete or thoroughly anonymize your personal data from our database, we may retain a record of your deletion request as well as records indicating the type of information deleted as evidence of our compliance with this internet protection notice.
you can also exercise your rights to obtain the portability of your personal data or to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
in addition, whenever corning processes your personal data based on its legitimate interest, you may at any time object to such processing on legitimate grounds relating to your particular situation.
in addition, you can unsubscribe or opt out of our direct marketing communication at any time. it is easiest to do this by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in any marketing related email or communication we send you. otherwise, you can contact us using contact detail below.
corning does not endorse, nor does it participate in the practice of “spamming” (sending of unsolicited promotional e-mail). if you believe you have received such a message from corning please contact privacy@corning.com.
to submit any of the above mentioned requests, please contact us at privacy@corning.com or at the mailing address listed below. be sure to include your name and clear instructions regarding any change to your personal data or request to delete your information from our database, and corning will respond to your message. in case we are unable to complete your request, we will provide you with relevant explanations in due time.
you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority if you suspect that corning is not compliant with applicable data protection rules.. in addition, you can find in the bcrs of corning (and more specially in articles 5.1, 5.4, 6.3, 6.4 and appendix 2) the data protection principles to which corning is subject and that you have the right to enforce, as a third party beneficiary. indeed, if you suffer any damage related to the processing of your personal data, you have the rights to obtain redress and, where appropriate, receive compensation as may be ordered by the competent court or supervisory authority or as decided according to the internal corning complaint mechanism, if used.
v. children’s personal datacorning does not intend to collect information from children under the age of sixteen (16) without the consent of the child’s parent or legal guardian. children under the age of sixteen (16) should only submit information to corning with the prior consent of their parent or legal guardian. if your child has submitted personal data to corning and you would like to request that such information be removed, please contact us as provided below and we will use reasonable efforts to ensure such information is removed.international visitors to corning’s websites should be aware that personal data may be transferred to computers in the united states or other locations around the world in order to fulfill your request.
corning does not intend to collect information from children under the age of sixteen (16) without the consent of the child’s parent or legal guardian. children under the age of sixteen (16) should only submit information to corning with the prior consent of their parent or legal guardian. if your child has submitted personal data to corning and you would like to request that such information be removed, please contact us as provided below and we will use reasonable efforts to ensure such information is removed.
international visitors to corning’s websites should be aware that personal data may be transferred to computers in the united states or other locations around the world in order to fulfill your request.
vi. security measures applicable to your personal datacorning implements all appropriate technical and organizational to ensure a level of security for the personal data appropriate to the risk and, in particular, protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access to. the same level of protection is contractually imposed by corning on our services providers.
corning implements all appropriate technical and organizational to ensure a level of security for the personal data appropriate to the risk and, in particular, protect personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access to. the same level of protection is contractually imposed by corning on our services providers.
vii. data protection notice in other languagesenglishdanishdutchfrenchgermanhebrewhindihungarianitalianjapanesekoreanmarathipolishportugese (brazil)spanish (latin)simplified chinesetraditional chineseturkish
englishdanishdutchfrenchgermanhebrewhindihungarianitalianjapanesekoreanmarathipolishportugese (brazil)spanish (latin)simplified chinesetraditional chineseturkish
privacy notice for suppliers
read more
privacy notice for customers
read more
corning global data protection policy


last revised: april 1, 2021
corning incorporated                                                                            corning gorilla glass                                                                            corning life sciences
corning incorporated
corning gorilla glass
corning life sciences
corning incorporated                                                                            corning gorilla glass                                                                            corning life sciences                                                                            corning optical communications                                                                            corning careers
corning incorporated
corning gorilla glass
corning life sciences
corning optical communications
corning careers
corning incorporated                                                                            corning gorilla glass                                                                            corning life sciences                                                                            corning optical communications
corning incorporated
corning gorilla glass
corning life sciences
corning optical communications
corning incorporated                                                                            corning life sciences                                                                            corning optical communications                                                                            corning asia                                                                            corning careers                                                                            the glass age - made possible by corning
corning incorporated
corning life sciences
corning optical communications
corning asia
corning careers
the glass age - made possible by corning
our company                                                        advanced optics                                                            corning® gorilla® glass                                                            display technologies                                                            environmental technologies                                                            life sciences                                                            optical communications                                                            pharmaceutical technologies                                                            research & development                                                            emerging innovations
our company
advanced optics
corning® gorilla® glass
display technologies
environmental technologies
life sciences
optical communications
pharmaceutical technologies
research & development
emerging innovations
about us                                                        business segments                                                            sustainability                                                            investor relations                                                            newsroom                                                            supply chain social responsibility                                                            supplier responsibility
about us
business segments
sustainability
investor relations
newsroom
supply chain social responsibility
supplier responsibility
careers                                                        our values                                                            our people                                                            diversity & inclusion                                                            campus programs                                                            locations                                                            work at corning                                                            search jobs
careers
our values
our people
diversity & inclusion
campus programs
locations
work at corning
search jobs
contact us                                                        email corning                                                            locations
contact us
email corning
locations
our company
about us
careers
contact us
cookies
cookies
supply chain transparency
supply chain transparency
legal notices
legal notices
patent notices
patent notices
data privacy
data privacy
© 1994-2022 corning incorporated all rights reserved.
