we welcome you to the ci platform.
services
advantages
this is how it works
faq
contact
blog
englishdeutschespañolitaliano
deutsch
español
italiano
services
advantages
this is how it works
faq
contact
blog
englishdeutschespañolitaliano
deutsch
español
italiano
login
start free of charge
privacy policy ci-platform
we are pleased that you are visiting our website. the protection of your privacy and the protection of your personal data when using our website is important to us.
this data protection declaration applies to the internet presence of the ci platform at https://cyber-insight.de/. for our other internet offers and websites as well as websites of other providers to which we refer via a link, the data protection notices published there apply.
here you will find information on how we handle your personal data when you visit our website. in order to provide the functions and services of our website, it is necessary for us to collect personal data about you. below we explain what data we collect about you, why this is necessary and what rights you have in relation to your data.
responsible for the processing of personal data within the meaning of the general data protection regulation (dsgvo) and other data protection regulations is (see imprint):
fabian bauhammerludwigstr. 26
82140 olchingtelephone number: 08 151 187 4000
e-mail: fabian.bauhammer@cyber-insight.de
if you have any questions about data protection, you can also contact us at any time at the above address or by e-mail.
1. provision of the website
1.1 acquisition of system data
each time our website is called up, the following technically necessary data is automatically collected by the system of the calling end device:
ip address,
date and time of access,
content of the request,
internet service provider,
access status / http status code,
browser type,
language and version of the browser software,
operating system.
when using this general data and information, we do not draw any conclusions about your person. rather, this information is required in order to:
to deliver the contents of our website correctly;
optimise the content of our website and the advertising for it;
to ensure the permanent operability of our it systems and the technology of our website, and
to provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for prosecution in the event of a cyber attack.
1.2 legal basis of the processing
art. 6 (1) lit. a dsgvo serves our company as the legal basis for processing operations in which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose.
if the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party, as is the case, for example, with processing operations that are necessary for the provision of another service or consideration, the processing is based on art. 6 (1) lit. b dsgvo. the same applies to processing operations that are necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of enquiries about our products or services.
if our company is subject to a legal obligation by which the processing of personal data becomes necessary, such as for the fulfilment of tax obligations, the processing is based on art. 6 (1) lit. c dsgvo.
in rare cases, the processing of personal data might become necessary to protect vital interests of the data subject or another natural person. in that case, the processing would be based on art. 6(1)(d) dsgvo.
ultimately, processing operations could be based on art. 6 (1) lit. f dsgvo. processing operations which are not covered by any of the aforementioned legal bases are based on this legal basis if the processing is necessary for the protection of a legitimate interest of our company or a third party, provided that the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject are not overridden. such processing operations are permitted to us in particular because they were specifically mentioned by the european legislator. in this respect, it took the view that a legitimate interest could be assumed if you are a customer of our company (recital 47, sentence 2 of the gdpr).
2. use of cookies
we use cookies!
a cookie is a small file with information that enables a web server to recognise the user and save settings such as language or design.
we use the following cookies:
list
2.1 necessary cookies
these cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be disabled in your systems. they contribute significantly to improving your movement and booking experience on the website. basic functionalities and applications, such as shopping baskets or electronic billing procedures, are thereby optimised and their handling facilitated. these cookies do not collect information about you that can be used for marketing campaigns or statistical analysis. you can set your browser to block these cookies or to notify you of these cookies. if you prohibit the setting of technically necessary cookies, our website cannot be displayed properly and not all functions are available. the legal basis for the use of technically necessary cookies is art. 6 para. 1 p. t lit. f dsgvo.
2.2 analytical cookies (cookies for usage analysis)
these cookies help us understand how visitors interact with web pages and allow us to count visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website. they help us answer questions about which pages are most popular, which are least used and how visitors move around the site. all information collected by these cookies is aggregated and therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies, we will not be able to know when you visited our website.
google analytics: if you have given us your consent, we use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google ireland limited (gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland, hereinafter "google"), on our website. this makes it possible to assign data, sessions and interactions across several devices to a pseudonymous user id and thus to analyse the activities of a user across devices. google analytics uses cookies, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. this includes the following cookies in detail:
the information generated by the cookies, such as the time, place and frequency of your website visit, including your ip address, is transmitted to google and stored there. as this website uses google analytics with the extension "_gat._anonymizeip", your ip address will be truncated by google within member states of the european union or in other contracting states to the agreement on the european economic area. only in exceptional cases will the full ip address be transmitted to a google server in the usa and shortened there. the ip address transmitted by your browser within the scope of google analytics will, according to its own information, not be merged with other data from google. on behalf of the operator of this website, google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on google's behalf.
you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.
furthermore, google offers a deactivation add-on for the most common browsers, which gives you more control over what data is collected by google about the websites you visit. the add-on tells the javascript (ga.js) of google analytics that no information about the website visit should be transmitted to google analytics. however, the google analytics browser deactivation add-on does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analytics services we may use. for more information on how to install the browser add-on, please click on the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de. opt-out cookies prevent the future collection of your data when visiting this website. to prevent collection by universal analytics across different devices, you must opt-out on all systems used.
the legal basis for the use of google analytics is your consent (art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a dsgvo).
the purpose of the data processing is to analyse the behaviour of our users anonymously and to improve our website on the basis of these findings.
the data sent by us and linked to cookies, user ids (e.g. user id) or advertising ids are automatically deleted after 14 months. the deletion of data whose retention period has been reached takes place automatically once a month. you can find more information on terms of use and data protection at
https://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html and at
you can find more info on this link:
google tag manager: the google tag manager is used on this website. the google tag manager is a system from google that manages java script tags and html tags that are used to implement the above-mentioned services. in particular, the system controls which tags are to be executed and when, based on the consent you have given. the tag manager itself does not set any cookies and does not collect any data or other information from you and your end device. the services it controls set the cookies listed above.
3. registration and access to the user account
to use the cyber insight platform, you must register on our website. we collect and store the data you enter in the input mask (e.g. last name, first name, email address, industry, job position). we do not pass on this information to third parties.
in the case of consent, the legal basis for processing is art. 6 (1) a dsgvo. if your registration serves the preparation of a contract conclusion, art. 6 para. 1 lit. b dsgvo is the additional legal basis.
upon completion of the registration process, your ip address and the date and time of registration are also automatically collected and stored.
your data will be deleted as soon as it is no longer required to achieve the purpose for which it was processed. you can delete your user account yourself or have it deleted by us at any time or change your personal data in the user account. if you delete your user account, your data will be deleted immediately, unless they are used for the legal storage obligations, for example from the tax code, prevent the deletion.
3. 1. data processing for order processing
we pass on your payment data to the commissioned credit institution within the scope of payment processing, insofar as this is necessary for payment processing. if payment service providers are used, we will explicitly inform you about this below. the legal basis for the transfer of data is art. 6 (1) lit. b dsgvo.
3.2 services / digital goods
we only transmit personal data to third parties if this is necessary for the processing of the contract, for example to the credit institution commissioned with the processing of payments.
no further transmission of data will take place or only if you have expressly consented to the transmission. your data will not be passed on to third parties without your express consent, for example for advertising purposes.
the basis for data processing is art. 6 para. 1 lit. b dsgvo, which permits the processing of data for the fulfilment of a contract or pre-contractual measures.
4. advertising
4.1 newsletter
if you have registered for our newsletter, your email address, date and time of registration will be stored by us on a server. the processing of the data is based on your consent in accordance with article 6 (1) lit. a dsgvo. we use this data exclusively for sending the newsletter and for statistical evaluations to analyse system performance. we do not pass on your data to third parties or use it for any other purposes of our own.
the registration system with an additional confirmation message containing a link to the final registration (double-opt-in) ensures that the newsletter is explicitly desired by you.
when registering, your data will be stored on our server and a confirmation message with a link to the final registration will be generated to the e-mail address provided. as far as you do not confirm the registration by clicking on the link in this e-mail, the data will be deleted after 48 hours. only by confirming the link in the e-mail will your data be stored for newsletter dispatch for the duration of the use of our newsletter offer.
if you no longer agree to the storage of data for this purpose and therefore no longer wish to use our service, you can unsubscribe from our newsletters at any time. the data you have provided will be deleted. please follow this link (...) to unsubscribe. to do this, you will need the email address you provided when registering.
4.2 promotional speech
we may use your email address and postal address obtained in connection with the sale of a service to advertise our own similar goods and / or services. you can object to this use at any time without incurring any costs for the objection. we will also inform you of this every time your e-mail address is used for this purpose. we will obtain your separate consent for any further advertising, e.g. by e-mail and the sending of our newsletter.
the legal basis for this data processing is our legitimate interest in conducting direct marketing, art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. f dsgvo.
we will delete your data for the purpose of advertising without delay if you have objected to this. please note that you may still receive advertising from us even after an objection during an implementation period of approximately three days (e.g. due to e-mail transit time). outside of the storage of your data for the purpose of advertising, your data is subject to the legal retention periods outlined above. if you have objected to receiving advertising from us, we will block your data accordingly.
5. your rights
you have the following legal rights over us in relation to personal data relating to you:
5.1 right of access: pursuant to art. 15 of the gdpr, you have the right to request confirmation as to whether we are processing personal data relating to you. if this is the case, you have the right to information about this personal data as well as further information, e.g. the purposes of processing, the recipients and the planned duration of storage or the criteria for determining the duration.
5.2 right to rectification: in accordance with art. 16 dsgvo, you have the right to request the rectification or completion of your data stored by us without delay.
5.3 right to deletion: in accordance with art. 17 dsgvo, you have the right to request the deletion of the data stored by us, insofar as the processing is no longer (no longer) necessary. this is the case, for example, if your data is no longer necessary for the original purposes, you have revoked your declaration of consent under data protection law or the data was processed unlawfully. further processing may be necessary for compliance with a legal obligation, for reasons of public interest or for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the exercise of the right to freedom of expression.
5.4 right to restriction of processing: in accordance with art. 18 dsgvo, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data, insofar as you dispute the accuracy of the data, the processing is unlawful but you object to its erasure, or we no longer require the data but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims, or you have objected to the processing in accordance with art. 21 dsgvo.
5.5 right to data portability: in accordance with art. 20 dsgvo, you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you in a structured, common and machine-readable format or to request that it be transferred to another controller.
5.6 right of objection: you have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of certain personal data relating to you which is carried out on the basis of article 6(1)(1)(e) or (f) dsgvo.
in the event of direct marketing, you as the data subject have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purposes of such marketing; this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is associated with such direct marketing.
5.7 right to revoke your data protection consent: you can revoke your consent to the processing of your personal data at any time with effect for the future. however, the lawfulness of the processing carried out until the revocation is not affected by this.
5.8 right of complaint: you can also lodge a complaint with a data protection supervisory authority at any time, for example if you are of the opinion that the data processing does not comply with data protection regulations. for this purpose, you can contact the supervisory authority of your usual place of residence or workplace or our registered office. the supervisory authority responsible for us is: the bavarian data protection commissioner, ... e-mail: …
6. routine storage, deletion and blocking of personal data
we process and store your personal data only for the period of time necessary to achieve the purpose of storage or if this has been provided for by the legal provisions to which our company is subject.
if the purpose of storage no longer applies or if a prescribed storage period expires, the personal data will be routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with the statutory provisions.
6.1 duration of the storage of personal data
the criterion for the duration of the storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. after expiry of the period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted if it is no longer required for the fulfilment or initiation of the contract.
6.2 up-to-dateness and amendment of the privacy policy
this privacy policy is currently valid and has the status: ...
due to the further development of our internet pages and offers or due to changed legal or official requirements, it may become necessary to change this data protection declaration. you can access and print out the current data protection declaration at any time on the website at ....
8. data security
our website complies with the usual encryption requirements. we use the widespread ssl (secure socket layer) procedure in conjunction with the highest encryption level supported by your browser. as a rule, this is 256-bit encryption. if your browser does not support this encryption, we use 128 bit v3 technology. you can recognise the encryption of our website by the lock or key symbol in the address line or in the lower status bar.
we also use appropriate technical and organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction or against unauthorised access by third parties. our security measures are continuously improved in line with technological developments. all our employees who may come into contact with personal data are obliged in writing to comply with data protection regulations and have been instructed about the legal requirements.
with our platform, you not only identify cyber risks, but also learn how to protect yourself from cyber attacks. you'll understand the potential penalties, but you won't need to rely on expensive cyber security personnel or consultancies.
with our platform, you not only identify cyber risks, but also learn how to protect yourself from cyber attacks. you'll understand the potential penalties, but you won't need to rely on expensive cyber security personnel or consultancies.
© 2022 cyberinsight.
*available from 2022
imprint
data protection
cookie directive (eu)
hint:
the application will be made available soon.
