advance timed-tickets are required to visit the dalí. reserve now.
visit
tickets
visitplan your visithealth & safetygroups & toursstore & café
plan your visit
health & safety
groups & tours
store & café
what’s onpermanent collectionexhibitscalendar of eventsprogramsvisit virtually
permanent collection
exhibits
calendar of events
programs
visit virtually
aboutthe museumsalvador dalícenter for the avant-gardecontact the dalí
the museum
salvador dalí
center for the avant-garde
contact the dalí
join & givegivemembershipvolunteerjoin our team
give
membership
volunteer
join our team
tickets
home > privacy policy
privacy policy
salvador dalí museum, inc. (the dalí) privacy policyupdated june 16, 2020
the dalí is committed to protecting your privacy when you visit our websites or use our digital applications (collectively referred to as “the dali museum website”). by using the dalí website, you agree to be bound by the terms and conditions of the dalí’s privacy policy and terms & conditions. the dalí privacy policy is outlined below.
content, displayed to you on the dalí website and elsewhere, including advertisements and information about the dalí’s programs and products, may be customized to your interests and preferences based on your personally identifiable information and website usage information collected online unless you opt out by following the instructions that can be found at the nai’s consumer website at networkadvertising.org/choices/ or aboutads.info at aboutads.info/choices/ or your online choices at youronlinechoices.eu. you have to opt out using each of your web-browsing applications and devices separately. however, if you opt out we may still suggest offerings to you on the dalí website based on your history at the dalí website.
we may share your personal information with third parties for third-party marketing purposes, as further described below. you can elect for us not to do so by emailing us at info@thedali.org.
our policy on collecting information on the dalí website
online memberships and donationswhen you purchase a dalí museum membership or make a donation to the dalí online, we will ask you to provide us with the information we need to process your membership and/or to acknowledge your contribution. this information includes your name, billing and mailing addresses, telephone number, email address, and credit card information. your credit card information will be sent to our third-party payment card processors and service providers to perform fraud detection and payment processing services. if your purchase is rejected by our website because it was detected as a possible fraudulent use of a payment card, and you are in fact the authorized user of the card, you can contact us at membership@thedali.org for the issue to be evaluated and resolved. we will retain your personally identifiable information for our records, in order to facilitate better customer service. we do not store credit card numbers. to process payments for members who have selected automatic renewal, the dalí will retain payment information using technology for enhanced security. in certain cases, you may be asked for additional information to complete your request, such as the names and birth dates (month/year) of your children if obtaining a family membership or any contributing membership with children.
online purchases of museum admission tickets, event tickets, and course registrationsthe dalí uses third-party vendors to administer and process your online purchase of admission tickets to the museum. we also work with third-party contractors to process ticketing for certain events or registration for certain courses. the dalí requires its vendors to maintain the security of the information which you provide to them and restricts the vendors from using this information in any way not expressly authorized by the dalí.
online surveysfrom time to time, the dalí may invite you to participate in surveys posted on the dalí website or sent to you by email. you may decide whether you wish to complete such surveys, which may ask about your background, occupation, or similar questions. we use this information to help us better understand our audience, which in turn allows us to better meet your needs and interests. information collected in these surveys is never sold or rented to third parties for marketing purposes, but we may share it with outside vendors to analyze the information we collect (see “use of third- party service providers” below).
online conteststhe dalí will occasionally offer visitors the opportunity to participate in online contests or sweepstakes. if you choose to enter, you may need to provide your name and email address so that we may contact you in connection with the contest. we may also request that you provide us with certain other information, such as your zip code and state of residence.
children 12 and underthe dalí does not solicit personal information from children. visitors 12 years of age and under should remember that they are required to obtain an adult’s permission before submitting any personal information to this or any other website.
the dalí newslettersthe dalí offers visitors to the dalí website and app the ability to opt in to receive push notifications, the opportunity to subscribe to our online newsletters, a service hosted by a third-party contractor that has agreed to use the email address you provide only to send our newsletters to you. if you opt in via the subscription form, you will receive the dalí’s email newsletter. you may subscribe or unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions on our newsletters.
emailing the dalíif you send an email to the dalí, your message and email address may be saved and we may send you emails in order to respond to your message. any material, business information, ideas, concepts, or other information sent to the dalí by email will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. we will only use the information provided in your email and your email address to improve the dalí website, services, and products, and to fulfill or respond to your requests for products, services, or information.
site usage informationas is the case with many websites, our servers automatically collect your ip address when you visit our website, and we may associate that with your domain name or that of your internet access provider. we may also capture certain “clickstream data” pertaining to your website usage. clickstream data includes, for example, information about your computer or device, web browser and operating system and their settings, the referring page that linked you to the website, the pages or content you see or click on during your visit and when and for how long you do so, items you download, transactions you complete, and any search terms you have entered on the dalí website or a referral site. among other things, this information enables us to generate analytics reports on the usage of our website. we use google analytics and google tag manager to do this to opt out of the dalí website usage being included in our google analytics reports, you may follow the instructions at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
in addition, we may deploy various tracking technologies on the website to collect additional information about your website visits. for example, the dalí website uses technologies such as “cookies” and “pixel tags” to improve the functioning of the site and your experience and to learn how visitors are using our website. cookies are small data files that are automatically sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. cookies enable us to remember what items are in your shopping cart, and to personalize your experience. pixel tags are tiny graphical images embedded in emails or webpages. pixel tags are used to determine what parts of a website a visitor has viewed, or whether an email was successfully opened. these technologies are used to gather information to analyze traffic to the dalí website, to improve our content and navigation, to enhance our marketing efforts, to personalize your experience, and to provide online display advertising and/or offline communications tailored to your interests based on your online behavior. google analytics’ cookies expire 24 months after being set.
a facebook pixel is code on the dalí website that helps us to track conversions from facebook ads, to optimize ads based on data collected, to build targeted audiences for future ads, and to market to people who have already engaged with the dalí website, such as by making a purchase.
the dalí also works with third-party analytics and marketing entities that use technologies such as cookies and pixel tags on our behalf.
these tracking technologies may be deployed by us and/or by our service providers—such as google ad manager, facebook, instagram—on our behalf to collect or receive information from our website and elsewhere on the internet, and to use that data to provide measurement service and target ads. these technologies enable us to assign a unique number or identifier to you, and relate your website usage information to other data about you, including your personal information. these technologies also enable us to recognize you when you access our website using different web browsers and different computers or devices. you can opt out of the collection and use of this information for ad targeting at aboutads.info or networkadvertising.org or youronlinechoices.eu.
third-party ad servers and networkswe use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit our website and elsewhere online. these third-party ad-serving companies include google ad manager, facebook, instagram, or others. we may collect, use, and share personal data from and about you with these entities, to personalize and show ads to you and others on our website and elsewhere online and to measure their impact. these companies may use information about your visits to this and other websites, the region of the country or world where your ip address indicates you are located, as well as other information about you in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. these companies may employ cookies, pixel tags, and other tracking technologies to cause relevant ads to be displayed to you. by using our website or transacting with us, you agree to this. we encourage you to read these businesses’ privacy policies to learn about how they treat your information (https://policies.google.com/privacy, https://www.facebook.com/full_data_use_policy, https://help.i nstagram.com/519522125107875. for more information about third-party advertisers and how to prevent them from using your information, visit the nai’s consumer website at networkadvertising.org/choices/ or aboutads.info at aboutads.info/choices/ or your online choices at youronlinechoices.eu.
social mediawe maintain a presence on several social networking platforms, such as facebook, instagram, and twitter, and we also incorporate some third-party social networking features onto our website.
through these platforms and features, we receive some personal information and some usage information about you, and this privacy policy applies to that information as well. in addition, these third-party social networking platforms have their own privacy policies, which explain how the third parties that provide them will use and protect your information. the information we receive from third parties may depend on the privacy settings you have on the third-party platform.
do-not-track disclosuressome web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” (dnt) signals to the websites with which the user communicates. because of differences in how web browsers incorporate and activate this feature, it is not always clear whether users intend for these signals to be transmitted, or whether they even are aware of them. we currently do not change our tracking practices (which are explained in more detail under “site usage information” above) in response to dnt settings in your web browser.
our third-party partners, such as web analytics companies and third-party ad networks, collect information about your online activities over time and across our website and other online properties. these third parties may not change their tracking practices in response to dnt settings in your web browser, and we do not obligate these parties to honor dnt settings. we utilize google analytics for our web analytics, and you can opt out of the dalí website usage data being included in our google analytics reports by visiting https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
our policy on the use and disclosure of the information we collect on the dalí website and elsewherethe dalí uses the personal information you provide to us for internal purposes, such as completing and tracking your transactions, analyzing trends, and collecting statistics. the dalí may also compile and provide aggregate statistics about our visitors, customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related site information to third parties, but these statistics will not include any personally identifying information.
if you have provided us with your email address, we may send you emails in order to alert you to information, events, activities, or programs at or related to the dalí that we believe may be of interest to you. if you do not want us to use your email address to contact you for these purposes, you may send an email message containing your name and email address to info@thedali.org.
we may combine information you give to us online, offline, in our store or at the museum. we may also combine or supplement this information with publicly available information and additional information we receive from or have cross-referenced with our third-party vendors and others. we use this combined information to enhance and personalize your experience with us; to communicate with you about products, exhibitions, or events that may be of interest to you; or for other promotional or museum-related purposes.
your california privacy rightscalifornia’s “shine the light” law, civil code section 1798.83, requires certain businesses to respond to requests from california customers asking about the businesses’ practices related to disclosing personal information to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes. alternately, such businesses may have in place a policy not to disclose personal information of customers to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes if the customer has exercised an option to opt out of such information-sharing. as discussed above, if you wish to opt out of our sharing of your information with third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes, please contact us at info@thedali.org.
use of third-party service providersfrom time to time, the dalí retains qualified third-party service providers to help us manage the dalí website and allow us to better serve our visitors, customers and others who contact us. these may include third-party contractors who assist us by processing registration and ticketing for the museum and for certain events or courses. we also engage third-party vendors to analyze the information we collect on the dalí website and through other resources for marketing or similar purposes. we also use third-party service providers to process your payment transactions and detect possible fraudulent use of a payment card. these service providers receive the information you enter into our website, and information about your payment card, purchase, mobile device, computer, software and their location, for fraud detection purposes. by submitting your information to make a purchase, you agree to this. the dalí requires its vendors to maintain the security of the information to which they are provided access and restricts the vendors from using the information in any way not expressly authorized by the dalí.
we may contract with third parties who use cookies, clear gifs, device fingerprinting, and other online tracking technologies to collect information on our behalf. these parties are required to maintain the confidentiality of this information. if you would like to opt out of this use of your information, you can change the preferences of your browser so that it does not accept cookies. we may contract with companies or others to provide certain services, including data management, promotional services, etc. we provide these service providers with the information they need to perform these services, but we restrict the vendors from using the information in any way not expressly authorized by the dalí.
we also contract with third-party vendors who process applications for museum employment or opportunities to participate in museum-related activities. the dalí requires its vendors to maintain the security of this information and restricts the vendors from using the information in any way not expressly authorized by the dalí.
linkingplease be aware that the dalí website may contain links to other sites operated by third parties over which we have no control. once you leave the dalí website, the dalí privacy policy will not apply, and you access such sites at your own risk.
different rules may apply to their collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information. we encourage you to review other websites’ policies before revealing any personally identifiable or sensitive information. the dalí does not control, and is thus not responsible for, the content or privacy practices and policies of such other sites and under no circumstances shall we have any liability whatsoever for the activities conducted by or at any website accessed from or through the dalí website.
securitythe dalí website uses various measures designed to secure information. however, there is no such thing as 100% security. if you prefer, you may also place a membership, event or other order or donation by phone. call the museum’s main phone line, 727.823.3767 and you will be directed to the appropriate department.
it is important for you to protect yourself against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer.
be sure to use a known and trusted secure connection and to log off when finished using a shared computer. you should be aware that there is always some risk involved in transmitting information over the internet. there is also some risk that others could find a way to thwart our security systems. as a result, while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security and privacy of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
please be advised that when placing an online order through the dalí website, your personal data will be protected in accordance with united states law, which may not require the same level of protection as is legally required in other countries, such as countries in the european union.
revisions to our privacy policyplease note that the dalí may revise its privacy policy at any time, without notice, such changes to be effective immediately upon posting on the dalí website. such revisions may arise in response to changes in the law, policy, or other factors. we encourage you to periodically visit this page to review our most current policy. in some cases (for example, if we significantly expand our use or sharing of your personal information) we may also tell you about changes by additional means, such as by sending an email to the email address we have on file for you. in some cases, we may request your consent to the changes.
contact the dalíif there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us here: the dalí museumone dalí blvdst petersburg, fl 33701 727.823.3767info@thedali.org
support the dalí
the dalí museum is a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization. gifts to the dalí directly support our mission to preserve salvador dalí’s work and legacy. learn more.
subscribe to newsletter
discover an unparalleled collection of salvador dalí artwork in st. petersburg, fl usa						© copyright salvador dalí museum, inc (the dalí)						salvador dalí images and works © salvador dalí - fundació gala-salvador dalí (artists rights society)privacy policy - terms and conditions - florida nonprofit disclosure
open daily 10am-6pm (thursdays until 8pm)
one dali blvd. st. petersburg, fl 33701
contact us
salvador dalí museum®
