home
technologiesearth system data cubesemantic data cubehopsworks distributed dl platformvisualization of eo datavisualization of non-eo datadeepcube platform
earth system data cube
semantic data cube
hopsworks distributed dl platform
visualization of eo data
visualization of non-eo data
deepcube platform
use casesforecasting drought impacts in africaclimate induced migration in africafire hazard forecasting in the mediterraneanglobal volcanic unrest detection & alertinginfrastructure monitoring with insarcopernicus services for sustainable tourism
forecasting drought impacts in africa
climate induced migration in africa
fire hazard forecasting in the mediterranean
global volcanic unrest detection & alerting
infrastructure monitoring with insar
copernicus services for sustainable tourism
resourcesdeliverablespublicationscommunicationnewslettersdatasetsontologies
deliverables
publications
communication
newsletters
datasets
ontologies
news
blog
aboutobjectives and expected impactworkplanpartnersadvisory boardai for eo projects ecosystem
objectives and expected impact
workplan
partners
advisory board
ai for eo projects ecosystem
contact us
search
deepcube privacy policy
the following privacy statement (‘statement’) is an essential part of the deepcube website and its content. this statement will be provided by deepcube, a project funded by the european union’s horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement no 101004188 (‘deepcube‘), to the visitor and/or user of the website (‘user’). it determines all matters regarding privacy when using the website and its content and how a user can exercise their rights regarding their personal data, which are collected by deepcube in accordance with all relevant laws and regulations, such as the general data protection regulation (‘gdpr‘).
the content of this website is produced by the deepcube consortium and is maintained to provide stakeholders with access to information about the project activities and to disseminate project results.
all the material in the website belongs to the deepcube consortium and reflects only the authors’ view and not the european union’s. the content on this website is subject to copyright.
deepcube’s website and its content and tools (https://deepcube-h2020.eu/), are hereinafter collectively referred to as: ‘website’.
by accessing, browsing, or using the website (including any services, whether from deepcube or third parties), the user declares that they have read, understood, and therefore agreed to be bound by this statement and its laws and regulations. in case the user fails to agree with this statement or the compliance obligations, the user is asked not to use the website.
this statement declares that the website is owned and operated by the deepcube consortium. the website’s content is meant only for general information purposes and thus, may not be accurate, correct and/or complete and does not constitute strategic or any other professional advice.
the deepcube website uses cookies to personalize the user’s online experience. “a cookie is a small piece of data sent from a website and stored on your computer by the user’s web browser. when you request another page from the server, your browser sends the cookie back to the server.” one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save the user’s time. in deepcube we use cookies relevant to google analytics, in accordance with “regulation (eu) 2016/679 of the european parliament and of the council on april 27 of 2016 relating to the protection of the physical persons regarding personal data processing and the free circulation of these data, with entrance in force the day may 25 of 2018, hereinafter, gdpr”.
by accessing the deepcube website, the user has the possibility to refuse third party non-functional cookies. if the user rejects cookies or ignores the pop-up cookie bar, these non-functional cookies will not be used on the website. the user has to give explicit consent to the website to use the cookies in the prescribed manner.
when visiting the website, deepcube collects and processes data of users that may be deemed as personal (e.g. ip-address, device type). deepcube also collects and processes personal data of users when a user contacts deepcube through the pre-defined contact form in the website (https://deepcube-h2020.eu/contact/) or via e-mail. any connection with the server of the website is encrypted. personal data are used by deepcube solely for the purposes described in this statement and are protected according to the applicable laws. any collected personal data will be stored by the national observatory of athens for the purpose of statistical analysis, unless the information involves personal details going beyond master data or usage data.
deepcube may retain communications provided by a user when completing the contact forms on the website or when sending an email to deepcube.h2020@gmail.com, in order to process the inquiries, respond to requests and improve the website or to give the users some assistance regarding deepcube’s research activities and services. in this case, deepcube collects the following personal information: your name and e-mail address. regarding the subscription to the newsletter of deepcube, the user provides their name and email address in order to receive the newsletter.
information that the user provides will be solely used in order to contact the user, for example, for information or updates regarding the research results, or to offer newsletters, and other content or (support) services in connection with the use cases of the project, unless the user informs deepcube through the contact form on the website that the user does not wish to receive any communication from deepcube. deepcube will not use this website to collect special personal data such as information regarding political views, race, religious beliefs, health, criminal-law data, or other matters.
deepcube will also work with various companies, which will help deepcube analyse the use of the website, and to optimize the website to deliver the best possible experience. deepcube will use (i) google analytics by google inc. to help deepcube monitor the website traffic, (ii) stat.g.doubleclick.net in order to help deepcube monitor users’ visits to the website, (iii) pbs.twimg.com which are social media tracking cookies, and (iv) twitter, and linkedin in order to easily log in if the user would like to follow deepcube on those platforms, or follow the social media stream or share content from the website.
the website contains links to or from other internet sites, such as links to websites of project partners, which are provided by independent third parties over whom deepcube has no control and is not responsible for the availability and/or content of those sites. deepcube does not control the dissemination of these third-party cookies and cannot block cookies from those sites.
please also be aware that the deepcube consortium makes every effort to respect user’s choices, however, there is the possibility that not all cookies will be captured. in case such possibility constitutes a concern, it is recommended that the user changes their cookie settings via their browser; the help function in their browser will provide them with information on how to do it. this statement does not apply to third-party websites that may be accessed through links on the website.
this statement will be revised by deepcube from time to time and therefore deepcube recommends that the user regularly checks whether it has been revised. even though deepcube does not envisage the implementation of amendments to the statement in the near future, the user will be notified by deepcube about any major changes that would negatively impact the user’s interests via prominent notification on the website.
deepcube would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. every user is entitled to the following:
the right to access – you have the right to contact deepcube and request copies of your personal data.
the right to rectification – you have the right to request that deepcube corrects any information you believe is inaccurate. you also have the right to request deepcube to complete information you believe is incomplete.
the right to erasure – you have the right to request deepcube to erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
the right to restrict processing – you have the right to request deepcube to restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
the right to object to processing – you have the right to object to deepcube’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
the right to data portability – you have the right to request that deepcube transfers the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
deepcube would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. every user is entitled to the following:
if you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. if you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: deepcube.h2020@gmail.com
this project has received funding from the european union’s horizon 2020 research and innovation programme under grant agreement no 101004188.
follow us
