about usour historyour peopleour partnerscareer opportunities
our history
our people
our partners
career opportunities
solutionsredeployable cctv cameralive streaming bodycamswireless safe citiesconnected vehiclesdigital walls
redeployable cctv camera
live streaming bodycams
wireless safe cities
connected vehicles
digital walls
insights
contact
resources
privacy policy
we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. this policy sets out the basis on which any personal data we collect from you, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us. please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. ​for the purpose of applicable data protection legislation, we, digital barriers services limited, milton gate, 60 chiswell street, london, united kingdom, united kingdom, ec1y 4ag are the data controller.
personal data we may collect from youwe may collect and process the following personal data about you either when you provide it to us, or from information we collect about how you use our services and website.
personal data you give us. you may give be required to provide us with personal data about you when using our products or by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise. this includes personal data you provide when you register to use a product, subscribe to any of our services, and when you report a problem with a product(s). the personal data you give us may include items that enable us to provide you with a quote, or to deliver our services to you, such as your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, employer and job role. we rely on ‘contractual necessity’ as the lawful ground for the processing of your personal in such cases.
personal data we collect about you. regarding the processing of some specific items of personal data that assist us to improve our products and to provide our services, we rely on ‘legitimate interests’ as the lawful ground for such processing to ensure you have a smooth customer journey when using our services, that content is presented in a way that suits your device best, and that we are able to contact you about other similar products or services you might be interested in. this includes automatically collecting and using the following personal data: technical information, including the type of computer or device you use to use the product, a unique device identifier, mobile network information, your operating system, the internet protocol address used to connect your computer or device to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and information about your session, including the full uniform resource locators clickstream to, through and from our product(s) (including date and time), response times, errors, interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs) and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
uses made of the personal datawe use personal data held about you in the following ways:personal data you give to us. we will use this personal data:to carry out our obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us and to provide you with the information, products and services that you request from us; to provide you with information about other goods and services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about; to notify you about changes to our service; or to ensure that content from our product is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
personal data we collect about you. we will use this personal data:to administer our product and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes; to improve our products and to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer or device; to allow you to participate in interactive features of our products and services, when you choose to do so; as part of our efforts to keep our products safe and secure; to make suggestions and recommendations to you and other users of our products about goods or services that may interest you or them.
disclosure of your personal datawe may share your personal data with any member of the group of companies of which we are a part where that is necessary for the purpose of providing services to you, or where necessary for legal compliance. we may disclose your personal data to third parties: in the event that we sell or buy any business or assets, in which case we may disclose your personal data to the prospective seller or buyer of such business or assets; digital barriers services ltd or substantially all of its assets are acquired by a third party, in which case personal data held by it about its users will be one of the transferred assets; or if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with any legal obligation; in order to enforce or apply our relevant terms of use relating to each product and other agreements; or to protect the rights, property, or safety of digital barriers services limited, our users or others. this includes exchanging personal data with service providers, external advisers, and other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
where we store your personal datathe data that we collect from you, or that you provide to us, may be stored by us at a destination anywhere within the european economic area (eea). transfer of your personal data outside the european economic area will be notified to you and will only be done where permitted in accordance with data protection laws.
retention of your personal datawe will retain your personal data for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you with access to our products and services. if you wish to cancel your account or request that we no longer use your personal data to provide you with access to our products, contact us at dataofficer@digitalbarriers.com. we will only retain and use your personal data thereafter as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
security of your personal datathe security of your personal data is important to us. we comply with accepted industry standards to protect the personal data submitted to us. we use strict procedures and advanced security features to try to prevent unauthorised access. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is however 100% secure. therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of a product, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. you are not permitted to share a password with anyone. our product(s) may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partners, advertisers and affiliates. if you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy notice of any website you visit.
your rightsyou have the following rights in relation to the handling of your personal data:you have the right to access personal data held about youyou have the right to have inaccuracies corrected for personal data held about youyou have the right to have personal data held about you erasedyou have the right to object to direct marketing being conducted based upon personal data held about youyou have the right to restrict the processing for personal data held about you, including automated decision-makingyou have the right to data portability for personal data held about you
you can exercise any of your rights outlined above by contacting us at dataofficer@digitalbarriers.com. within one month of receiving a request made under these rights, we will action the request. where we receive a large number of requests, or receive especially complex requests, this may be extended by a maximum of two further months. if we fail to meet these deadlines or if you feel your rights have not been adequately respected, you may complain to the supervisory authority and/or seek a judicial remedy.
this website uses google adwordsthis website uses the google adwords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including google) to previous visitors to our site. it could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. this could be in the form of an advertisement on the google search results page, or a site in the google display network. third-party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the digital barriers website. of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and google’s privacy policy.
you can set preferences for how google advertises to you using the google ad preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings.
cookies
a cookie is a small text file which is placed onto your computer (or other electronic device) when you access our website. for further information in relation to how we use cookies and how to adjust cookie settings please see our cookie policy.
information about our product
we do not collect, host or process any biometric personal data. our smart vis face mobile application (the ‘application’) provides functionality to enable end users to collect, control and process biometric data on their own devices and systems, which we do not have access to. digital barriers services will never act as a controller or processor in relation to biometric personal data on an end user’s system. end users may process biometric personal data using the functionality downloaded through the application in order to perform facial recognition requests, enrol subjects into the end user’s server database and receive sighting alerts from identification requests. end users must do so in compliance with data protection laws, as required by our end user licence agreement.
more informationany changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on our website and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. ​hopefully this has clarified our privacy policy. however, if you are still looking for more information then please feel free to contact us.



©  digital barriers, site by mr b & friends
