element privacy policy
updated: august 2021our collection and use of informationthis privacy policy describes how the elementanalytics, inc. (“element,” “we”, “us”, or “our”) handles the personal information we collect through our website and online services (collectively, the “services”). our services are designed for businesses and are not intended for personal or household use. accordingly, we treat all personal information covered by this policy, including information about any visitors to our website, as pertaining to individuals acting as business representatives, rather than in their personal capacity. this policy does not apply to the personal information processed, maintained or otherwise managed by element solely for the benefit of, on the behalf of or under the exclusive direction or control of its customers in element’s capacity as a service provider. to learn more about the processing of your personal information in that context, please consult the relevant element customer’s privacy policy. personal information we collectinformation you provide to us. personal information you may provide to us through the services includes:‍identification information, including your name, company name, job title, email address, address, phone number, and country.‍communications that we exchange with you, including when you contact us with questions, feedback, or otherwise.‍payment and transactional information needed to complete your orders on or through the services (including payment card information, bank account number, billing information), and your transaction history. this information is collected by our payment processors and we do not have access to payment card or bank account data.‍marketing information, such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications, and details about your engagement with them.‍third party sources. we may combine personal information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:‍data providers, such as information services and data licensors.‍public sources, such as social media platforms.‍automatic data collection. we, our service providers, and our advertising partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the services, our communications and other online services, such as:‍device information, such as your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, ram and disk size, cpu usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), ip address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., wifi, lte, 3g).‍online activity information, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing the services, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access, and whether you have opened our marketing emails or clicked links within them. we also use google analytics to monitor activity and to assist with advertising. click here to learn how google analytics collects and processes data.‍technologies we use for automated data collection include:‍cookies, which are text files that websites store on a visitor’s device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of helping you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, enabling functionality, helping us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitating online advertising. for example, we use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to provide other personalized experiences.‍local storage technologies, like html5, that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store larger amounts of data, including on your device outside of your browser in connection with specific applications.‍web beacons, also known as pixel tags or clear gifs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked.‍‍how we use your personal informationservice delivery. we use your personal information to:provide, operate and improve the services and our business;to create, maintain, and authenticate your account;process your payments (through third party vendors) and complete transactions with you;communicate with you about the services, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the services and our communications; andprovide support for the services, and respond to your requests, questions and feedback.‍research and development. we may de-identify personal information and use the de-identified information for research and development, including to analyze and improve the services and promote our business.‍marketing and advertising. we and our advertising partners may use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes, including:‍direct marketing. we or our advertising partners may send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including, but not limited to, notifying you of special promotions, offers and events via postal mail, email, telephone, text message, and other means.‍interest-based advertising. we engage advertising partners, including third party advertising companies and social media companies, to display ads on the services and other online services. these companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the “automatic data collection” section above) over time across the services, our communications, and other online services, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. this is called interest-based advertising. we may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms. you can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the “online tracking opt out” section below. ‍compliance and protection. we may use your personal information to:comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies;enforce the terms and conditions that govern the services; andprevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.‍how we share your personal information‍we may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this privacy policy or at the time of collection:‍service providers. companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, and website analytics services).‍advertising partners. third party advertising companies for commercial purposes like the interest-based advertising purposes described above.‍professional advisors. professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.‍authorities and others. law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.‍business transferees. counter parties and participants in business transactions (or negotiations or diligence for such transactions)involving a corporate financing, divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in, element (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).‍your choices update or correct your information. to keep your information accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. we will take reasonable steps to update or correct information in our possession that you have previously submitted via the services. please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions. ‍opt out of marketing communications. you may opt out of marketing-related communications by following the opt out or unsubscribe instructions contained in the marketing communication we send you.‍online tracking opt out. there are a number of ways to opt out of having your online activity and device information collected through the services, which we have summarized below: ‍blocking cookies in your browser. most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising. to do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings. click here for more information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them.  ‍blocking advertising id use in your mobile settings. your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit use of the advertising id associated with your mobile device for interest-based     advertising purposes. ‍using privacy plug-ins or browsers. you can block our websites from setting cookies used for interest-based ads by using a browser with privacy features, like brave, or installing browser plugins like privacy badger, ghostery, or ublock origin, and configuring them to block third party cookies/trackers. you can also opt out of google analytics by downloading and installing the browser plug-in.   ‍platform opt outs. the following advertising partners offer opt out features that let you opt out of use of your information for interest-based advertising:‍google  facebook  twitter  ‍advertising industry opt out tools. you can also use these opt out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising by participating companies: digital advertising alliance for websites  digital advertising alliance for mobile apps  network advertising      initiative note that you will need to opt out on every browser and device that you use because these opt out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised.‍do not track. some internet browsers may be configured to send “do not track” signals to the online services that you visit. we currently do not respond to "do not track" or similar signals. learn more about"do not track" here.‍declining to provide information. we need to collect personal information to provide certain services. you can decline to provide the information we request, but if you do so we may not be able to provide those services.‍other sites and services the services may contain links to websites and other online services operated by third parties. in addition, our content maybe integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. these links and integrations do not mean that we endorse or are affiliated with any third party. we do not control websites or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions.‍securityyou use the services at your own risk. we employ a number of technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. however, no security measures are foolproof and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. processing in the u.s. we are headquartered in the united states and may use service providers that operate in other countries. your personal information may therefore be processed in the united states or transferred to other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.‍children the services should not be used by children younger than 16. if we learn that we have collected personal information through the services from a child under 16 without the consent of the child’s parent or guardian, we will delete it.‍changes to this privacy policy we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. if we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this privacy policy and posting it on the services.‍how to contact usyou can reach element at privacy@elementanalytics.com
element privacy policy
last updated: august 10, 2021
this privacy policy describes how the element analytics, inc. (“element,” “we”, “us”, or “our”) handles the personal information we collect through our website and online services (collectively, the “services”).
our services are designed for businesses and are not intended for personal or household use. accordingly, we treat all personal information covered by this policy, including information about any visitors to our website, as pertaining to individuals acting as business representatives, rather than in their personal capacity.
this policy does not apply to the personal information processed, maintained or otherwise managed by element solely for the benefit of, on the behalf of or under the exclusive direction or control of its customers in element’s capacity as a service provider. to learn more about the processing of your personal information in that context, please consult the relevant element customer’s privacy policy.
personal information we collect
information you provide to us. personal information you may provide to us through the services includes:
‍identification information, including your name, company name, job title, email address, phone number, and country.‍
communications that we exchange with you, including when you contact us with questions, feedback, or otherwise.‍
payment and transactional information needed to complete your orders on or through the services (including payment card information, bank account number, billing information), and your transaction history. this information is collected by our payment processors and we do not have access to payment card or bank account data.‍
marketing information, such as your preferences for receiving our marketing communications, and details about your engagement with them.
third party sources. we may combine personal information we receive from you with personal information we obtain from other sources, such as:
data providers, such as information services and data licensors.
public sources, such as social media platforms.
automatic data collection. we, our service providers, and our advertising partners may automatically log information about you, your computer or mobile device, and your interaction over time with the services, our communications and other online services, such as:‍
device information, such as your computer’s or mobile device’s operating system type and version, manufacturer and model, browser type, screen resolution, ram and disk size, cpu usage, device type (e.g., phone, tablet), ip address, unique identifiers (including identifiers used for advertising purposes), language settings, mobile device carrier, radio/network information (e.g., wifi, lte, 3g).‍
online activity information, such as pages or screens you viewed, how long you spent on a page or screen, the website you visited before browsing the services, navigation paths between pages or screens, information about your activity on a page or screen, access times, and duration of access, and whether you have opened our marketing emails or clicked links within them. we also use google analytics to monitor activity and to assist with advertising. click here to learn how google analytics collects and processes data.‍
technologies we use for automated data collection include:‍
cookies, which are text files that websites store on a visitor’s device to uniquely identify the visitor’s browser or to store information or settings in the browser for the purpose of helping you navigate between pages efficiently, remembering your preferences, enabling functionality, helping us understand user activity and patterns, and facilitating online advertising. for example, we use cookies to keep track of your shopping cart and to provide other personalized experiences.‍
local storage technologies, like html5, that provide cookie-equivalent functionality but can store larger amounts of data, including on your device outside of your browser in connection with specific applications.‍
web beacons, also known as pixel tags or clear gifs, which are used to demonstrate that a webpage or email was accessed or opened, or that certain content was viewed or clicked.‍
‍how we use your personal information
service delivery. we use your personal information to:
provide, operate and improve the services and our business;
to create, maintain, and authenticate your account;
process your payments (through third party vendors) and complete transactions with you;
communicate with you about the services, including by sending announcements, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
understand your needs and interests, and personalize your experience with the services and our communications; and
provide support for the services, and respond to your requests, questions and feedback.‍
research and development. we may de-identify personal information and use the de-identified information for research and development, including to analyze and improve the services and promote our business.‍
marketing and advertising. we and our advertising partners may use your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes, including:‍
direct marketing. we or our advertising partners may send you direct marketing communications as permitted by law, including, but not limited to, notifying you of special promotions, offers and events via postal mail, email, telephone, text message, and other means.‍
interest-based advertising. we engage advertising partners, including third party advertising companies and social media companies, to display ads on the services and other online services. these companies may use cookies and similar technologies to collect information about your interaction (including the data described in the “automatic data collection” section above) over time across the services, our communications, and other online services, and use that information to serve online ads that they think will interest you. this is called interest-based advertising. we may also share information about our users with these companies to facilitate interest-based advertising to those or similar users on other online platforms. you can learn more about your choices for limiting interest-based advertising in the “online tracking opt out” section below. ‍
compliance and protection. we may use your personal information to:
comply with applicable laws, lawful requests, and legal process, such as to respond to subpoenas or requests from government authorities;
protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
audit our internal processes for compliance with legal and contractual requirements and internal policies;
enforce the terms and conditions that govern the services; and
prevent, identify, investigate and deter fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity, including cyberattacks and identity theft.‍
how we share your personal information‍
we may share your personal information with the following parties and as otherwise described in this privacy policy or at the time of collection:‍
service providers. companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the services or our business (such as hosting, information technology, customer support, email delivery, and website analytics services).‍
advertising partners. third party advertising companies for commercial purposes like the interest-based advertising purposes described above.‍
professional advisors. professional advisors, such as lawyers, auditors, bankers and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.‍
authorities and others. law enforcement, government authorities, and private parties, as we believe in good faith to be necessary or appropriate for the compliance and protection purposes described above.
business transferees. counter parties and participants in business transactions (or negotiations or diligence for such transactions) involving a corporate financing, divestiture, merger, consolidation, acquisition, reorganization, sale or other disposition of all or any portion of the business or assets of, or equity interests in, element (including, in connection with a bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
your choices
update or correct your information. to keep your information accurate, current, and complete, please contact us as specified below. we will take reasonable steps to update or correct information in our possession that you have previously submitted via the services. please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions. ‍
opt out of marketing communications. you may opt out of marketing-related communications by following the opt out or unsubscribe instructions contained in the marketing communication we send you.‍
online tracking opt out. there are a number of ways to opt out of having your online activity and device information collected through the services, which we have summarized below:
blocking cookies in your browser. most browsers let you remove or reject cookies, including cookies used for interest-based advertising. to do this, follow the instructions in your browser settings. many browsers accept cookies by default until you change your settings.
blocking advertising id used in your mobile settings. your mobile device settings may provide functionality to limit use of the advertising id associated with your mobile device for interest-based advertising purposes.
using privacy plug-ins or browsers. you can block our websites from setting cookies used for interest-based ads by using a browser with privacy features, like brave, or installing browser plugins like privacy badger, ghostery, or ublock origin, and configuring them to block third party cookies/trackers. you can also opt out of google analytics by downloading and installing the browser plug-in.
platform opt outs. the following advertising partners offer opt out features that let you opt out of use of your information for interest-based advertising:
google
facebook
twitter
advertising industry opt out tools. you can also use these opt out options to limit use of your information for interest-based advertising by participating companies:
digital advertising alliance for websites
digital advertising alliance for mobile apps
network advertising initiative
note that you will need to opt out on every browser and device that you use because these opt out mechanisms are specific to the device or browser on which they are exercised.‍
do not track. some internet browsers may be configured to send “do not track” signals to the online services that you visit. we currently do not respond to "do not track" or similar signals.
declining to provide information. we need to collect personal information to provide certain services. you can decline to provide the information we request, but if you do so we may not be able to provide those services.‍
other sites and services
the services may contain links to websites and other online services operated by third parties. in addition, our content may be integrated into web pages or other online services that are not associated with us. these links and integrations do not mean that we endorse or are affiliated with any third party. we do not control websites or online services operated by third parties, and we are not responsible for their actions.
security
you use the services at your own risk. we employ a number of technical, organizational and physical safeguards designed to protect the personal information we collect. however, no security measures are foolproof and we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.
processing in the u.s.
we are headquartered in the united states and may use service providers that operate in other countries. your personal information may therefore be processed in the united states or transferred to other locations where privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your state, province, or country.‍
children
our service is not directed to persons under 13. element analytics does not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to register for an account on the service. if we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information.
international data transfer
we may transfer information that we collect about you, including personally identifiable information, to affiliated entities, or to other third parties (as provided herein) across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. if you are located in the european union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from u.s. law, please note that you are transferring information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the u.s. and the use and disclosure of information about you, including personal information, as described in this privacy policy.
changes to this privacy policy
we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time. if we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you by updating the date of this privacy policy and posting it on the services.‍
how to contact us
you can reach element at privacy@elementanalytics.com
‍
‍
‍
