case studies cases
services     engineering consulting research & development design
engineering
consulting
research & development
design
expertise     fintech e-commerce
fintech
e-commerce
insights
career     work at eliftech open positions referral program
work at eliftech
open positions
referral program
about
privacy policy
eliftech llc ("us", "we", or "our") operates the eliftech.com website (the "service").
this page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our service and the choices you have associated with that data.
we use your data to provide and improve the service. by using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy, terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions, accessible from eliftech.com
definitions
personal data
personal data means data about a living individual who can be identified from the data (or from that and other information either in our possession or likely to come into our possession).
usage data
usage data is data collected automatically either generated by the use of the service or from the service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
cookies
cookies are small pieces of data stored on a user’s device.
data controller
data controller means a person who (either alone or jointly or in common with other persons) determines the purposes for which and the manner in which any personal data are, or are to be, processed.
for the purpose of this privacy policy, we are a data controller of your data.
data processor (or service providers)
data processor (or service provider) means any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller.
we may use the services of various service providers in order to process your data more effectively.
data subject
data subject is any living individual who is the subject of personal data.
user
the user is the individual using our service. the user corresponds to the data subject, who is the subject of personal data.
information collection and use
we collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our service to you.
types of data collected
personal data
while using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("personal data"). personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
email address
first name and last name
phone number
address, state, province, zip/postal code, city
cookies and usage data
we may use your personal data to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information that may be of interest to you. you may opt out of receiving any, or all, of these communications from us by following the unsubscribe link or instructions provided in any email we send or by contacting us.
usage data
we may also collect information on how the service is accessed and used ("usage data"). this usage data may include information such as your computer's internet protocol address (e.g. ip address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
tracking & cookies data
we use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our service and hold certain information.
cookies are files with a small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our service.
you can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. however, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our service.
examples of cookies we use:
session cookies. we use session cookies to operate our service.
preference cookies. we use preference cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
security cookies. we use security cookies for security purposes.
use of data
eliftech llc uses the collected data for various purposes:
to provide and maintain our service
to notify you about changes to our service
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so
to provide customer support
to gather analysis or valuable information so that we can improve our service
to monitor the usage of our service
to detect, prevent and address technical issues
to provide you with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless you have opted not to receive such information
retention of data
eliftech llc will retain your personal data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy. we will retain and use your personal data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.
eliftech llc will also retain usage data for internal analysis purposes. usage data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of our service, or we are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.
transfer of data
your information, including personal data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ from those in your jurisdiction.
if you are located outside ukraine and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including personal data, to ukraine and process it there.
your consent to this privacy policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.
eliftech llc will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and no transfer of your personal data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
disclosure of data
disclosure for law enforcement
under certain circumstances, eliftech llc may be required to disclose your personal data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).
legal requirements
eliftech llc may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:
to comply with a legal obligation
to protect and defend the rights or property of eliftech llc
to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the service
to protect the personal safety of users of the service or the public
to protect against legal liability
security of data
the security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
"do not track" signals
we do not support do not track ("dnt"). do not track is a preference you can set in your web browser to inform websites that you do not want to be tracked.
you can enable or disable do not track by visiting the preferences or settings page of your web browser.
your rights
eliftech llc aims to take reasonable steps to allow you to correct, amend, delete, or limit the use of your personal data.
whenever made possible, you can update your personal data directly within your account settings section. if you are unable to change your personal data, please contact us to make the required changes.
if you wish to be informed what personal data we hold about you and if you want it to be removed from our systems, please contact us.
in certain circumstances, you have the right:
to access and receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you
to rectify any personal data held about you that is inaccurate
to request the deletion of personal data held about you
you have the right to data portability for the information you provide to eliftech llc. you can request to obtain a copy of your personal data in a commonly used electronic format so that you can manage and move it.
please note that we may ask you to verify your identity before responding to such requests.
service providers
we may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our service ("service providers"), to provide the service on our behalf, to perform service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our service is used.
these third parties have access to your personal data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
analytics
we may use third-party service providers to monitor and analyze the use of our service.
google analyticsgoogle analytics is a web analytics service offered by google that tracks and reports website traffic. google uses the data collected to track and monitor the use of our service. this data is shared with other google services. google may use the collected data to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.you can opt-out of having made your activity on the service available to google analytics by installing the google analytics opt-out browser add-on. the add-on prevents the google analytics javascript (ga.js, analytics.js, and dc.js) from sharing information with google analytics about visits activity.for more information on the privacy practices of google, please visit the google privacy & terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
behavioral remarketing
eliftech llc uses remarketing services to advertise on third party websites to you after you visited our service. we and our third-party vendors use cookies to inform, optimize and serve ads based on your past visits to our service.
google adwordsgoogle adwords remarketing service is provided by google inc.you can opt-out of google analytics for display advertising and customize the google display network ads by visiting the google ads settings page: http://www.google.com/settings/adsgoogle also recommends installing the google analytics opt-out browser add-on - https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout - for your web browser. google analytics opt-out browser add-on provides visitors with the ability to prevent their data from being collected and used by google analytics.for more information on the privacy practices of google, please visit the google privacy & terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/
twittertwitter remarketing service is provided by twitter inc.you can opt-out from twitter's interest-based ads by following their instructions: https://support.twitter.com/articles/20170405you can learn more about the privacy practices and policies of twitter by visiting their privacy policy page: https://twitter.com/privacy
facebookfacebook remarketing service is provided by facebook inc.you can learn more about interest-based advertising from facebook by visiting this page: https://www.facebook.com/help/164968693837950to opt-out from facebook's interest-based ads follow these instructions from facebook: https://www.facebook.com/help/568137493302217facebook adheres to the self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising established by the digital advertising alliance. you can also opt-out from facebook and other participating companies through the digital advertising alliance in the usa http://www.aboutads.info/choices/, the digital advertising alliance of canada in canada http://youradchoices.ca/ or the european interactive digital advertising alliance in europe http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/, or opt-out using your mobile device settings.for more information on the privacy practices of facebook, please visit facebook's data policy: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
links to other sites
our service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
children's privacy
our service does not address anyone under the age of 18 ("children").
we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your children have provided us with personal data, please contact us. if we become aware that we have collected personal data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
changes to this privacy policy
we may update our privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.
we will let you know via email and/or a prominent notice on our service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "effective date" at the top of this privacy policy.
you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes. changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
contact us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us:
by email: info@eliftech.com
cookies policy
this is the cookies policy for eliftech llc, accessible from eliftech.com
what are cookies
as is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. this page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. we will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the site's functionality.
you can read more about cookies at www.aboutcookies.org
how we use cookies
we use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. unfortunately in most cases there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. it is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.
the cookies we set
login related cookies
we use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. this prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. these cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in.
email newsletters related to cookies
this site offers newsletter or email subscription services and cookies may be used to remember if you are already registered and whether to show certain notifications which might only be valid to subscribed/unsubscribed users.
forms related cookies
when you submit data through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
site preferences cookies
in order to provide you with a great experience on this site we provide the functionality to set your preferences for how this site runs when you use it. in order to remember your preferences we need to set cookies so that this information can be called whenever you interact with a page that is affected by your preferences.
third party cookies
in some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. the following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.
this site uses google analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solutions on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. these cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.
for more information on google analytics cookies, see the official google analytics page.
third party analytics are used to track and measure usage of this site so that we can continue to produce engaging content. these cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site or pages you visit which helps us to understand how we can improve the site for you.
from time to time we test new features and make subtle changes to the way that the site is delivered. when we are still testing new features these cookies may be used to ensure that you receive a consistent experience whilst on the site whilst ensuring we understand which optimisations our users appreciate the most.
we also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. for these to work the following social media sites including; {list the social networks whose features you have integrated with your site?:12}, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.
when do our cookies expire?
except for strictly necessary cookies, all cookies used on our site will expire no later than 2 years after collected.
disabling cookies
you can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser. be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. therefore it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.
see below for details of how to use common types of browsers to disable cookies.
disabling cookies in internet explorer
choose the menu “tools” then “internet options”
click on the “privacy” tab
select the setting the appropriate setting
disabling cookies in google chrome
choose settings> advanced
under “privacy and security,” click “content settings”.
click “cookies”
disabling cookies in safari
choose preferences > privacy
click on “remove all website data”
disabling cookies in firefox
choose the menu “tools” then “options”
click on the icon “privacy”
find the menu “cookie” and select the relevant options
disabling cookies in opera
opera 6.0 and subsequent:
choose the menu files”> “preferences”
privacy
other help we may provide
where you have not set your permissions, we may also separately prompt you regarding our use of cookies on the site.
more information
if you are still looking for more information then you can contact us through our email:
info@eliftech.com


