contact
login
english english en
deutsch german de
request a demo
solutionsiot sensor platformconsulting & development
iot sensor platform
consulting & development
use casesmeasuring roomsdrives and motorshigh voltageindustry 4.0
measuring rooms
drives and motors
high voltage
industry 4.0
technology
news
downloads
menu
facebook
linkedin
xing
youtube
data protection
general information:
endiio gmbh has made every effort to implement the most wide-ranging measures possible in order to protect users. despite this, we recommend that users take measures to protect their equipment against computer viruses.
we take the protection of your data very seriously and want you to feel safe when visiting our website. the following policy gives you an overview of how we ensure this protection, which type of data is collected for which purpose and how we process it.
contacting us:
if you contact us by means of the form on the website, by email or by post (the address is listed below), your data will be stored to process the request and in case of follow-up questions. we will not share this information without your consent.
we also use your information to improve our platform, to prevent or detect misuse of our website (further explained in the section “cookies”).
the extent of data storage:
your information helps us to continuously improve our website and our services. we use this information to process orders, deliver goods and provide services. your information also helps us prevent or detect potential misuse, however — particularly fraud. the following data is recorded:
website visited,
time and duration of the access,
amount of data sent in bytes,
sources, when having been linked to the page,
browser used,
ip address used,
provider requested,
operating system used.
integration of services and content of third parties:
sometimes content from third parties, such as videos from youtube, maps from google maps, rss feeds or graphics from other websites are included on our website. this always presupposes that the providers of this content (hereinafter referred to as “third-party provider”) perceive the ip address of the users. because without an ip address, they wouldn’t be able to send the content to the browser of the respective user. the ip address is therefore required for the presentation of this content. we endeavor to use only content whose respective providers use the ip address solely for the delivery of the content. however, we do not have any influence on the fact that third parties can, for example, save the ip address for statistical purposes. if we are, however, informed about this, we will also inform our users.
cookies:
as soon as you establish contact with us, we receive and store certain information. among other things we — like many other websites — make occasional and partial use of so-called cookies, and we receive certain information as soon as your web browser opens our website. cookies are specific identification markers which we transmit to your computer’s hard drive or other terminal equipment to enable our systems to recognize your device. cookies are useful to us because they enable us, for example, to recognize you when you log in to our website and because they help us improve our website. the help function in your web browser shows you how to stop your browser from accepting, displaying or rejecting new cookies. you may prevent the use of cookies, but you may not be able to fully use all features of this website. in this case, an opt-out cookie is set, which prevents the future collection of your data when you visit our website.
google analytics:
our website uses google analytics, a web analysis tool provided by google, inc. (“google”). for this purpose, usage information generated by cookies is transferred to our server and stored for purposes of analysis, which is used to optimize our website. your ip address will immediately be anonymized during this process so that you remain anonymous to us as a user.
google analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your ip address) will be transmitted to and stored by google on servers in the united states. in case of activation of the ip anonymization, google will truncate/anonymize the last octet of the ip address for member states of the european union as well as for other parties to the agreement on the european economic area. only in exceptional cases, the full ip address is sent to and shortened by google servers in the usa.
on behalf of the website provider, google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google.
you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website. furthermore, you can prevent google’s collection and use of data (cookies and ip address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en-gb.
further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at http://www.google.com/intl/en_uk/analytics/privacyoverview.html.
we also use google analytics to analyze data from adwords for statistical purposes. you can disable this via the ads preferences manager (http://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/?hl=de).
you can prevent data being collected by google analytics by clicking the following link: disable google analytics. you may decide not to provide us with certain information, but this may mean you are unable to take advantage of some or all of our offerings.
google maps:
the endiio gmbh website also uses google maps apis. you can find the google maps apis terms of service here. to better understand google’s privacy policy, please refer to this link.
by using our maps api implementation, you agree to be bound by google’s terms of service. by using our implementation of the google maps apis, you agree to allow us to gain access to information about you including personally identifiable information (such as usernames) and non-personally identifiable information (such as location). you agree to allow us to obtain or cache your location. you may revoke your consent at any time. we use information about the location in conjunction with data from other data providers.
the maps apis that we use store and access cookies and other information on your devices.
social plug-ins:
endiio gmbh uses so-called social plug-ins (in the following, plug-ins) of social networks such as facebook, twitter,  google+ and linkedin.
when you visit our websites these plug-ins are deactivated by default, i.e. without your intervention, they will not send any data to third parties. before you are able to use these plug-ins, you must activate them by clicking on them. they then remain active until you deactivate them again or delete your cookies. after their activation, a direct link to the server of the respective social network is established. the contents of the plug-in are then transmitted from the social network directly to your browser and incorporated on the website by it.
please note that we have no influence on the extent of the data retrieved by the social networks with their plug-ins. for information about the purpose and extent of the data retrieval by the social network concerned, and about the rights and settings possibilities for the protection of your private sphere, please refer to the data protection information provided by the social network in question.
after the activation of a plug-in, the social network can retrieve data, regardless of whether you interact with the plug-in or not. if you are logged on to a social network, the network can assign your visit to the website to your user account.
if you are a member of a social network and do not wish it to combine data retrieved from your visit to our websites with your membership data, you must log out from the social network concerned before activating the plug-ins.
newsletter:
it is possible to subscribe to our newsletter on our website. the information we need for this is your e-mail address and your declaration of consent.  as soon as you have registered for our newsletter you will receive a mail with a button to confirm your registration (double opt-in).
the tool we use to send our newsletters is “mailchimp”, a newsletter supplying platform of the us provider rocket science group, llc, 675 ponce de leon ave ne #5000, atlanta, ga 30308, usa.
the e-mail addresses of our newsletter recipients, as well as other data described here, are stored on the servers of mailchimp in the us. mailchimp uses this information to send and analyze the newsletters on our account. furthermore, mailchimp uses the data to optimize their own services. mailchimp will not forward your data to third parties.
we trust in the reliability of their it and data security. mailchimp is certified by the us-eu data protection agreement privacy shield and is therefore obliged to apply the provisions of the eu data protection laws. furthermore, we have signed a contract in which mailchimp commits itself to protect, process and store user data according to our data protection regulations and not forward them to third parties. you can find the data protection policy of mailchimp here.
adroll:
this website uses the retargeting-technology adroll (adroll, 972 mission st, 3rd floor, san francisco, ca 94103, usa). this enables us to target internet users who have already expressed their interest in our shop and our products. studies show that personalized and interest-related ads are more interesting to the internet user than advertisements which aren’t personalized. the displaying of these ads at retargeting is premised on a cookie-based analysis of the prior user behavior. of course, no personalised data is stored. also, the usage of this retargeting technology happens in compliance with the applicable data protection regulations. you can find detailed information on the privacy policy of adroll or expressly object to the anonymous analysis of your surfing behavior (opt-out) here: https://www.adrollgroup.com/privacy.
userlike:
this website uses userlike, a live-chat software supplied by the company userlike ug (limited liability). userlike uses “cookies” which are text files stored on your computer, which enable a personal conversation in form of a real-time chat on our website. we use userlike’s privacy chat mode – this chat mode does not collect personal information (ip, user agent, referrer, page views) – unless you provide it to us. also, we have disabled the functions live-preview and identity query.
all user-related information processed by userlike is stored in encrypted form, archived on a daily basis and stored exclusively on servers in iso/iec 27001 certified data centers in germany. for more information, please visit https://www.userlike.com/en/terms#privacy-policy.
questions concerning data privacy:
you can access a range of details about your account and your interaction with endiio gmbh and then update these details. when you update details, we usually keep a copy of your original information in our records. in accordance with the law, you also have a right of access and you can request that we delete the information we have stored about you.if you have any questions about this privacy policy, if you would like to complete, change or delete your data, or object to the storage and use of your data for advertising purposes, please contact us at the following address: info@endiio.com or by mail at:
endiio gmbhseestadtstrasse 271220 wienaustria
tel: +43 (0) 664 404 45 83
data protection authority
you also have the right to complain to the data protection authority if you believe that the processing of personal data concerning you violates the gdpr or § 1 dsg or §§ 7-13 dsg.
the data protection authority can be reached at the following address:
österreichische datenschutzbehördewickenburggasse 81080 wien
telephone number: +43 1 52 152-0
email address: dsb@dsb.gv.at
all rights reserved.endiio gmbh may revise, modify, or change the content of this website at any time on its own behalf.all statements are made without guarantee (as per december 2018).
subscribe to our newsletter

privacy policy*yes, i accept the privacy policy
company
jobs
news, press & events
solutions
iot sensor platform
consulting & development
quicklinks
contact
imprint
data protection
facebook
linkedin
xing
youtube
