englishdeutsch (german)
deutsch (german)
contact
where to buy?
enocean alliance
myaccount
results for {phrase} ({results_count} of {results_count_total})
displaying {results_count} results of {results_count_total}
applicationssmart spacessmart cleaningasset managementhot deskingbuilding automationsmart buildingsenergy efficiencysmart lightingsmart homeretrofitambient assisted livinglightingindustrypartnershipsarubabattery-free by enoceanenocean’s seal for battery-free switchesshow the world that your prodcuts are 100% battery-free, 100% wire-free and 100% convenient.aruba wi-fi access points and enocean devicesiot sensors from enocean and the wi-fi access points from aruba make your office space smart in no time.
smart spacessmart cleaningasset managementhot desking
smart cleaning
asset management
hot desking
building automationsmart buildingsenergy efficiencysmart lighting
smart buildings
energy efficiency
smart lighting
smart homeretrofitambient assisted livinglighting
retrofit
ambient assisted living
lighting
industry
partnershipsarubabattery-free by enocean
aruba
battery-free by enocean
enocean’s seal for battery-free switchesshow the world that your prodcuts are 100% battery-free, 100% wire-free and 100% convenient.aruba wi-fi access points and enocean devicesiot sensors from enocean and the wi-fi access points from aruba make your office space smart in no time.
enocean’s seal for battery-free switches
show the world that your prodcuts are 100% battery-free, 100% wire-free and 100% convenient.
aruba wi-fi access points and enocean devices
iot sensors from enocean and the wi-fi access points from aruba make your office space smart in no time.
productskinetic switcheskinetic harvestermodulesfinished productsself-powered sensorscomponentsmodulesfinished productstransceivers, gateways & actuatorscomponentsfinished productsiot software, developer tools & kitsiot connectorembedded softwarestarter & development kitstoolswhere to buy?enocean products overviewmultisensor makes sense of your environmentthe multisensor is enocean’s new „swiss knife“ for smart buildings and the iot.enocean iot connector – providing data for the iotthe integration of enocean devices is now easier than ever before
kinetic switcheskinetic harvestermodulesfinished products
kinetic harvester
modules
finished products
self-powered sensorscomponentsmodulesfinished products
components
modules
finished products
transceivers, gateways & actuatorscomponentsfinished products
components
finished products
iot software, developer tools & kitsiot connectorembedded softwarestarter & development kitstools
iot connector
embedded software
starter & development kits
tools
where to buy?enocean products overview
enocean products overview
multisensor makes sense of your environmentthe multisensor is enocean’s new „swiss knife“ for smart buildings and the iot.enocean iot connector – providing data for the iotthe integration of enocean devices is now easier than ever before
multisensor makes sense of your environment
the multisensor is enocean’s new „swiss knife“ for smart buildings and the iot.
enocean iot connector – providing data for the iot
the integration of enocean devices is now easier than ever before
technologyenergy harvesting is in our dnaour sensors harvest the energy from the surrounding and need no wires or batteries.technology introenergy harvestingradio technologyultra-low power managementnfcpatentswhite papers
energy harvesting is in our dnaour sensors harvest the energy from the surrounding and need no wires or batteries.
energy harvesting is in our dna
our sensors harvest the energy from the surrounding and need no wires or batteries.
technology intro
energy harvesting
radio technology
ultra-low power management
nfc
patents
white papers
supportdownload the latest white papersour know-how for your projects – browse through our white papers collection.application notesknowledge basesoftware, tools & kitsdownloadstutorial videoscertified design partnersquality and reliability
download the latest white papersour know-how for your projects – browse through our white papers collection.
download the latest white papers
our know-how for your projects – browse through our white papers collection.
application notes
knowledge base
software, tools & kits
downloads
tutorial videos
certified design partners
quality and reliability
newsdownload the enocean magazine perpetuumbenefit from the expertise from many different authors in the fields of iot and smart buildings.perpetuum magazineenocean blognewsletterpressevents
download the enocean magazine perpetuumbenefit from the expertise from many different authors in the fields of iot and smart buildings.
download the enocean magazine perpetuum
benefit from the expertise from many different authors in the fields of iot and smart buildings.
perpetuum magazine
enocean blog
newsletter
press
events
about enoceanwe reduce the co2 footprint of buildingswe focus on sustainable and smart technologies to reduce co2 emissions of buildings.about enoceanvision & missionmanagementcareerinvestorscontact
we reduce the co2 footprint of buildingswe focus on sustainable and smart technologies to reduce co2 emissions of buildings.
we reduce the co2 footprint of buildings
we focus on sustainable and smart technologies to reduce co2 emissions of buildings.
about enocean
vision & mission
management
career
investors
contact
privacy policy
1. an overview of data protection
general information
the following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit this website. the term “personal data” comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. for detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our data protection declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.
learn more on general privacy notice of enocean gmbh (pdf).learn more on privacy notice of enocean gmbh for job applicants (pdf).download the data privacy information for video conferences, online meetings and webinars (pdf).
data recording on this website
who is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e., the “controller”)?
the data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section “information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the gdpr)” in this privacy policy.
how do we record your data?
we collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. this may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.
other data shall be recorded by our it systems automatically or after you consent to its recording during your website visit. this data comprises primarily technical information (e.g. web browser, operating system or time the site was accessed). this information is recorded automatically when you access this website.
what are the purposes we use your data for?
a portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. other data may be used to analyse your user patterns.
what rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?
you have the right to receive information about the source, recipients and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. you also have the right to demand that your data are rectified or eradicated. if you have consented to data processing, you have the option to revoke this consent at any time, which shall affect all future data processing. moreover, you have the right to demand that the processing of your data be restricted under certain circumstances. furthermore, you have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.
please do not hesitate to contact us at any time under the address disclosed in section “information required by law” on this website if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues.
analysis tools and tools provided by third parties
there is a possibility that your browsing patterns will be statistically analysed when you visit this website. such analyses are performed primarily with cookies and with what we refer to as analysis programmes.
for detailed information about these analysis programmes please consult our data protection declaration below.
2. hosting
external hosting
this website is hosted by an external service provider (host). personal data collected on this website are stored on the servers of the host. these may include, but are not limited to, ip addresses, contact requests, metadata and communications, contract information, contact information, names, web page access, and other data generated through a web site.
the host is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract with our potential and existing customers (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b gdpr) and in the interest of secure, fast and efficient provision of our online services by a professional provider (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr). if appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of art. 6 (1)(a) gdpr and § 25 (1) ttdsg, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the ttdsg. this consent can be revoked at any time.
our host will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfil its performance obligations and to follow our instructions with respect to such data.
we are using the following host:
wornet aktiengesellschaftbürgermeister-graf-ring 2882538 geretsried-geltingt: +49 (0)8171/2469 10e: info@wor.net
data processing
we have concluded a data processing agreement (dpa) with the above-mentioned provider. this is a contract mandated by data privacy laws that guarantees that they process personal data of our website visitors only based on our instructions and in compliance with the gdpr.
3. general information and mandatory information
data protection
the operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration.
whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. this data protection declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. it also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.
we herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the internet (i.e. through e-mail communications) may be prone to security gaps. it is not possible to completely protect data against third party access.
information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the gdpr)
the party responsible for processing data on this website is:
enocean gmbhkolpingring 18a82041 oberhachinggermany
t: +49 (0) 89 67 34 68 90e: info@enocean.com
the controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
storage duration
unless a more specific storage period has been specified in this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. if you assert a justified request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted, unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g., tax or commercial law retention periods); in the latter case, the deletion will take place after these reasons cease to apply.
general information on the legal basis for the data processing on this website
if you have consented to data processing, we process your personal data on the basis of art. 6(1)(a) gdpr or art. 9 (2)(a) gdpr, if special categories of data are processed according to art. 9 (1) dsgvo. if you have consented to the storage of cookies or to the access to information in your end device (e.g., via device fingerprinting), the data processing is additionally based on § 25 (1) ttdsg. the consent can be revoked at any time. if your data is required for the fulfillment of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, we process your data on the basis of art. 6(1)(b) gdpr. furthermore, if your data is required for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, we process it on the basis of art. 6(1)(c) gdpr. furthermore, the data processing may be carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest according to art. 6(1)(f) gdpr. information on the relevant legal basis in each individual case is provided in the following paragraphs of this privacy policy.
designation of a data protection officer
we have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
starhead gmbht: +49 (0) 8171 42 88 55 0e: datenschutz@starhead.de
information on data transfer to the usa and other non-eu countries
among other things, we use tools of companies domiciled in the united states or other from a data protection perspective non-secure non-eu countries. if these tools are active, your personal data may potentially be transferred to these non-eu countries and may be processed there. we must point out that in these countries, a data protection level that is comparable to that in the eu cannot be guaranteed. for instance, u.s. enterprises are under a mandate to release personal data to the security agencies and you as the data subject do not have any litigation options to defend yourself in court. hence, it cannot be ruled out that u.s. agencies (e.g., the secret service) may process, analyze, and permanently archive your personal data for surveillance purposes. we have no control over these processing activities.
revocation of your consent to the processing of your data
a wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. you can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. to do so, all you are required to do is sent us an informal notification via e-mail. this shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.
right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (art. 21 gdpr)
in the event that data are processed on the basis of art. 6 sect. 1 lit. e or f gdpr, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. this also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. to determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this data protection declaration. if you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defence of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to art. 21 sect. 1 gdpr).
if your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. this also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. if you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to art. 21 sect. 2 gdpr).
right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agency
in the event of violations of the gdpr, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. the right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.
right to data portability
you have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. if you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.
ssl and/or tls encryption
for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an ssl or a tls encryption programme. you can recognise an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.
if the ssl or tls encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
information about, rectification and eradication of data
within the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. you may also have a right to have your data rectified or eradicated. if you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time at the address provided in section “information required by law.”
right to demand processing restrictions
you have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. to do so, you may contact us at any time at the address provided in section “information required by law.” the right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:
in the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. during the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.
if the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.
if we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.
if you have raised an objection pursuant to art. 21 sect. 1 gdpr, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. as long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.
if you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data – with the exception of their archiving – may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the european union or a member state of the eu.
rejection of unsolicited e-mails
we herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in section “information required by law” to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. the operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via spam messages.
4. recording of data on this website
cookies
our websites and pages use what the industry refers to as “cookies.” cookies are small text files that do not cause any damage to your device. they are either stored temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or they are permanently archived on your device (permanent cookies). session cookies are automatically deleted once you terminate your visit. permanent cookies remain archived on your device until you actively delete them or they are automatically eradicated by your web browser.
in some cases it is possible that third party cookies are stored on your device once you enter our site (third party cookies). these cookies enable you or us to take advantage of certain services offered by the third party (e.g. cookies for the processing of payment services).
cookies have a variety of functions. many cookies are technically essential since certain website functions would not work in the absence of the cookies (e.g. the shopping cart function or the display of videos). the purpose of other cookies may be the analysis of user patterns or the display of promotional messages.
cookies, which are required for the performance of electronic communication transactions, or for the provision of certain functions you want to use (e.g., for the shopping cart function) or those that are necessary for the optimization (required cookies) of the website (e.g., cookies that provide measurable insights into the web audience), shall be stored on the basis of art. 6(1)(f) gdpr, unless a different legal basis is cited. the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the storage of required cookies to ensure the technically error free and optimized provision of the operator’s services. if your consent to the storage of the cookies and similar recognition technologies has been requested, processing occurs exclusively on the basis of the consent obtained (art. 6(1)(a) gdpr and § 25 (1) ttdsg); this consent may be revoked at any time.
you have the option to set up your browser in such a manner that you will be notified any time cookies are placed and to permit the acceptance of cookies only in specific cases. you may also exclude the acceptance of cookies in certain cases or in general or activate the delete function for the automatic eradication of cookies when the browser closes. if cookies are deactivated, the functions of this website may be limited.
in the event that third party cookies are used or if cookies are used for analytical purposes, we will separately notify you in conjunction with this data protection policy and, if applicable, ask for your consent.
consent with borlabs cookie
our website uses the borlabs consent technology to obtain your consent to the storage of certain cookies in your browser or for the use of certain technologies and for their data privacy protection compliant documentation. the provider of this technology is borlabs – benjamin a. bornschein, rübenkamp 32, 22305 hamburg, germany (hereinafter referred to as borlabs).
whenever you visit our website, a borlabs cookie will be stored in your browser, which archives any declarations or revocations of consent you have entered. these data are not shared with the provider of the borlabs technology.
the recorded data shall remain archived until you ask us to eradicate them, delete the borlabs cookie on your own or the purpose of storing the data no longer exists. this shall be without prejudice to any retention obligations mandated by law. to review the details of borlabs’ data processing policies, please visit https://de.borlabs.io/kb/welche-daten-speichert-borlabs-cookie/
we use the borlabs cookie consent technology to obtain the declarations of consent mandated by law for the use of cookies. the legal basis for the use of such cookies is art. 6(1)(c) gdpr.
server log files
the provider of this website and its pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser communicates to us automatically. the information comprises:
browser typ and browser version
the used operating system
referrer url
host name of the accessing computer
the time of the server inquiry
the ip address
this data is not merged with other data sources.
this data is recorded on the basis of art. 6 sect. 1 lit. f gdpr. the operator of the website has a legitimate interest in the technically error free depiction and the optimization of the operator’s website. in order to achieve this, server log files must be recorded.
contact form
if you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. we will not share this information without your consent.
the processing of these data is based on art. 6 para. 1 lit. b gdpr, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. in all other cases the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr) or on your agreement (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a gdpr) if this has been requested.
the information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g. after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). this shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions – in particular retention periods.
request by e-mail, telephone or fax
if you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. we do not pass these data on without your consent.
these data are processed on the basis of art. 6 sect. 1 lit. b gdpr if your inquiry is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is required for the performance of pre-contractual measures. in all other cases, the data are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest in the effective handling of inquiries submitted to us (art. 6 sect. 1 lit. f gdpr) or on the basis of your consent (art. 6 sect. 1 lit. a gdpr) if it has been obtained.
the data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). mandatory statutory provisions – in particular statutory retention periods – remain unaffected.
registration on this website
you have the option to register on this website to be able to use additional website functions. we shall use the data you enter only for the purpose of using the respective offer or service you have registered for. the required information we request at the time of registration must be entered in full. otherwise we shall reject the registration.
to notify you of any important changes to the scope of our portfolio or in the event of technical modifications, we shall use the e-mail address provided during the registration process.
we shall process the data entered during the registration process on the basis of your consent (art. 6 sect. 1 lit. a gdpr).
the data recorded during the registration process shall be stored by us as long as you are registered on this website. subsequently, such data shall be deleted. this shall be without prejudice to mandatory statutory retention obligations.
5. analysis tools and advertising
matomo
this website uses the open-source web analysis service matomo. matomo uses technologies that make it possible to recognize the user across multiple pages with the aim of analyzing the user patterns (e.g. cookies or device fingerprinting). the information recorded by matomo about the use of this website will be stored on our server. prior to archiving, the ip address will first be anonymized.
matomo cookies will remain on your device until you delethrough matomo, we are able to collect and analyze data on the use of our website-by-website visitors. this enables us to find out, for instance, when which page views occurred and from which region they came. in addition, we collect various log files (e.g. ip address, referrer, browser, and operating system used) and can measure whether our website visitors perform certain actions (e.g. clicks, purchases, etc.).
the use of this analysis tool is based on art. 6(1)(f) gdpr. the website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user patterns, in order to optimize the operator’s web offerings and advertising. if appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of art. 6(1)(a) gdpr and § 25 (1) ttdsg, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the ttdsg. this consent can be revoked at any time.
ip anonymization
for analysis with matomo we use ip anonymization. your ip address is shortened before the analysis, so that it is no longer clearly assignable to you.
hosting
we host matomo exclusively on our own servers so that all analysis data remains with us and is not passed on.
6. newsletter
newsletter data
if you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offif you would like to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided and that you agree to receive the newsletter. further data is not collected or only on a voluntary basis. for the handling of the newsletter, we use newsletter service providers, which are described below.
mailchimp
this website uses the services of mailchimp to send out its newsletters. the provider is the rocket science group llc, 675 ponce de leon ave ne, suite 5000, atlanta, ga 30308, usa.
among other things, mailchimp is a service that can be deployed to organize and analyze the sending of newsletters. whenever you enter data for the purpose of subscribing to a newsletter (e.g. your e-mail address), the information is stored on mailchimp servers in the united states.
with the assistance of the mailchimp tool, we can analyze the performance of our newsletter campaigns. if you open an e-mail that has been sent through the mailchimp tool, a file that has been integrated into the e-mail (a so-called web-beacon) connects to mailchimp’s servers in the united states. as a result, it can be determined whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links the recipient possibly clicked on. technical information is also recorded at that time (e.g. the time of access, the ip address, type of browser and operating system). this information cannot be allocated to the respective newsletter recipient. their sole purpose is the performance of statistical analyses of newsletter campaigns. the results of such analyses can be used to tailor future newsletters to the interests of their recipients more effectively.
if you do not want to permit an analysis by mailchimp, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter. we provide a link for you to do this in every newsletter message.
the data is processed based on your consent (art. 6(1)(a) gdpr). you may revoke any consent you have given at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter. this shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place prior to your revocation.
the data deposited with us for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or the newsletter service provider and deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. data stored for other purposes with us remain unaffected.
data transmission to the us is based on the standard contractual clauses (scc) of the european commission. details can be found here: https://mailchimp.com/eu-us-data-transfer-statement/ and https://mailchimp.com/legal/data-processing-addendum/#annex_c_-_standard_contractual_clauses.
after you unsubscribe from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist, if such action is necessary to prevent future mailings. the data from the blacklist is used only for this purpose and not merged with other data. this serves both your interest and our interest in complying with the legal requirements when sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of art. 6(1)(f) gdpr). the storage in the blacklist is indefinite. you may object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.
for more details, please consult the data privacy policies of mailchimp at: https://mailchimp.com/legal/terms/.
data processing
we have concluded a data processing agreement (dpa) with the above-mentioned provider. this is a contract mandated by data privacy laws that guarantees that they process personal data of our website visitors only based on our instructions and in compliance with the gdpr.
7. plugins and tools
youtube with expanded data protection integration
our website embeds videos of the website youtube. the website operator is google ireland limited (“google”), gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland.
we use youtube in the expanded data protection mode. according to youtube, this mode ensures that youtube does not store any information about visitors to this website before they watch the video. nevertheless, this does not necessarily mean that the sharing of data with youtube partners can be ruled out as a result of the expanded data protection mode. for instance, regardless of whether you are watching a video, youtube will always establish a connection with the google doubleclick network.
as soon as you start to play a youtube video on this website, a connection to youtube’s servers will be established. as a result, the youtube server will be notified, which of our pages you have visited. if you are logged into your youtube account while you visit our site, you enable youtube to directly allocate your browsing patterns to your personal profile. you have the option to prevent this by logging out of your youtube account.
furthermore, after you have started to play a video, youtube will be able to place various cookies on your device or comparable technologies for recognition (e.g. device fingerprinting). in this way youtube will be able to obtain information about this website’s visitors. among other things, this information will be used to generate video statistics with the aim of improving the user friendliness of the site and to prevent attempts to commit fraud.
uunder certain circumstances, additional data processing transactions may be triggered after you have started to play a youtube video, which are beyond our control.
the use of youtube is based on our interest in presenting our online content in an appealing manner. pursuant to art. 6(1)(f) gdpr, this is a legitimate interest. if appropriate consent has been obtained, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of art. 6(1)(a) gdpr and § 25 (1) ttdsg, insofar the consent includes the storage of cookies or the access to information in the user’s end device (e.g., device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the ttdsg. this consent can be revoked at any time.
for more information on how youtube handles user data, please consult the youtube data privacy policy under: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
google web fonts (local embedding)
this website uses so-called web fonts provided by google to ensure the uniform use of fonts on this site. these google fonts are locally installed so that a connection to google’s servers will not be established in conjunction with this application.
for more information on google web fonts, please follow this link: https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq and consult google’s data privacy declaration under: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.n.
8. our social media appearances
data processing through social networks
we maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. the individual social networks we use can be found below.
social networks such as facebook, google+ etc. can generally analyse your user behaviour comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). when you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. in detail:
if you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. in this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your ip address.
using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. this way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. if you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.
please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.
legal basis
our social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the internet. this is a legitimate interest within the meaning of art. 6 (1) lit. f gdpr. the analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of art. 6 (1) (a) gdpr).
responsibility and assertion of rights
if you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. you can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. facebook).
please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.
storage time
the data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. mandatory statutory provisions – in particular, retention periods – remain unaffected.
we have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. for details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).
individual social networks
twitter
we uswe use the short message service twitter. the provider is twitter international company, one cumberland place, fenian street, dublin 2, d02 ax07, ireland.
you can customize your twitter privacy settings in your user account. click on the following link and log in: https://twitter.com/personalization.
data transmission to the us is based on the standard contractual clauses (scc) of the european commission. details can be found here: https://gdpr.twitter.com/en/controller-to-controller-transfers.html.
for details, see the twitter privacy policy: https://twitter.com/privacy.
linkedin
we have a linkedin profile. the provider is the linkedin ireland unlimited company, wilton plaza, wilton place, dublin 2, ireland. linkedin uses advertising cookies.
if you want to disable linkedin advertising cookies, please use the following link: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-if you want to disable linkedin advertising cookies, please use the following link: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.
data transmission to the us is based on the standard contractual clauses (scc) of the european commission. details can be found here: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/dpa und https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/eu-sccs.
for details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to linkedin’s privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
youtube
we have a profile on youtube. the provider is google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland.
details on how they handle your personal data can be found in the youtube privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.
perpetuum
the world of energy harvesting – read the customer magazine
enocean blog
learn more from evangelists in energy harvesting wireless technology
enocean newsletter
stay in touch with enocean and subscribe to get the latest news
enocean alliance
easyfit by enocean
press
contact
© 2022 enocean gmbh. all rights reserved.
imprint
privacy policy
cookie consents
contact
