about us
privacy policy
support
home
platforms
marketsoemsisvsappliancesgovernmentprintinghealthcarecloud computingentertainmentfinanceenergy
oems
isvs
appliances
government
printing
healthcare
cloud computing
entertainment
finance
energy
our approachoverviewgetting startedhardware engineeringfirmware developmentengineering servicescustom brandingsupportlife-cycle management
overview
getting started
hardware engineering
firmware development
engineering services
custom branding
support
life-cycle management
partnersour partnersred hat ready partnerintel platinum partnerour partners summary
our partners
red hat ready partner
intel platinum partner
our partners summary
aboutexecutive teamnews
executive team
news
contact uscontact a representitivepress releasessupport
contact a representitive
press releases
support
privacy policy
welcome to the five9 network systems, llc ("five9ns") website at www.five9network.com (the "site"). five9ns designs, manufactures, and supports server and storage solutions for oem and isv customers. this privacy policy (‘privacy policy’) describes how five9ns collects, uses and shares personal information of customers and online users of the site ("you").
any email messages and associated information that you send to addresses on this site are not governed by this privacy policy.
the five9ns site may provide links to third party websites, products, applications, and services for your convenience and information.  if you access these links, you will leave the five9ns site and the use of your personal information will be governed by the privacy policies applicable to those third party sites and not by this privacy policy.
information we collect
we collect information about you in a variety of ways.
information you give us. we collect your name¸ company name¸ postal address¸ email address¸ phone number¸ fax number as well as other information you directly give us on our site.
information we get from others. we may get information about you from other sources. we may add this to information we get from this site.
information automatically collected. we automatically log information about you and your computer. for example, when visiting our site, we log your computer operating system type, browser type, browser language, the website you visited before browsing to our site, pages you viewed, how long you spent on a page, access times and information about your use of and actions on our site.
cookies. we may log information using "cookies." cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. we may use both session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) to provide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our site.    this type of information is collected to make the site more useful to you and to tailor the experience with us to meet your special interests and needs.
use of personal information
to operate, maintain, and improve our sites, products, and services.
to respond to comments and questions and provide customer service.
to send information including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
to communicate about promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by us and our selected partners.
to protect, investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
to provide and deliver products and services customers request, including warranty services.
sharing of personal information
we may share personal information with your consent. for example, you may let us share personal information with others for their own marketing uses. those uses will be subject to their privacy policies.
we may share personal information when we do a business deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer of all or a part of our business or assets. these deals can include any merger, financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
we may share personal information for legal, protection, and safety purposes.
we may share information to comply with laws.
we may share information to respond to lawful requests and legal processes.
we may share information to protect the rights and property of five9ns, our agents, customers, and others. this includes enforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use.
we may share information in an emergency. this includes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, or any person.
we may share information with those who need it to do work for us.
we may also share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others for their own uses.
except as described above, we will not disclose your personal information to third parties for their own marketing purposes without your consent.
security
we may employ administrative, physical and technological measures that are reasonably designed to help protect your personally information from loss, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction. we may use firewalls to help prevent unauthorized access to your personally information.
children's privacy
we take children's privacy seriously.  we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13 through our site.  if you are under 13 years of age, please do not submit any personal information through our site without the express consent and participation of a parent or guardian.
information choices and changes
our marketing emails tell you how to ”opt-out”. if you opt out, we may still send you non-marketing emails. non-marketing emails include emails about your accounts and our business dealings with you.
you may send requests about personal information to our contact information below. you can request to change contact choices, opt-out of our sharing with others, and update or delete your personal information.
you can typically remove and reject cookies from our site with your browser settings. many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change your settings. if you remove or reject our cookies, it could affect how our site works for you.
we do not track customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore do not respond to do not track (dnt) signals.
notice to users outside the us
our computer systems are currently based in the united states, so your personal information will be processed by us in the united states where data protection and privacy regulations may not offer the same level of protection as in other parts of the world, such as the european union. if you use the site as a visitor from outside the united states, by using the site, you agree to this privacy policy and you consent to the transfer of all such information to the united states, which may not offer an equivalent level of protection of that required in the european union or certain other countries, and to the processing of that information as described in this privacy policy.
contact information.
we welcome your comments or questions about this privacy policy. all emails should be addressed to support@five9network.com. you may also contact us by mail at our address:
five9 network systems, llc
3600 west bayshore rd.
suite 105
palo alto, california 94303
changes to this privacy policy
we may change this privacy policy by posting a new version on this page or on a successor page. the new version will become effective on the date it′s posted, which will be listed at the top of the page as the new effective date.
effective date

home
contact us
platforms
support
partners
five9ns news
five9ns solves system issues
ruggedized servers
disclaimer
five9 network systems solves system issues                                "inside a massive server sits a tiny chip that controls an enormous machine. if the chip fails, production grinds to a halt."                                                                "five9 network systems (five9ns) of east rochester, a provider of specialized computing solutions, knows this scenario all too well. they’re often called upon to get applications up and running, or to design custom configurations for original equipment manufacturers."                                read the full article from democrat & chronicle
five9 network systems solves system issues
"inside a massive server sits a tiny chip that controls an enormous machine. if the chip fails, production grinds to a halt."                                                                "five9 network systems (five9ns) of east rochester, a provider of specialized computing solutions, knows this scenario all too well. they’re often called upon to get applications up and running, or to design custom configurations for original equipment manufacturers."                                read the full article from democrat & chronicle
mil spec innovationfive9ns is combining its extensive experience in system design with nis's expertise in ruggedized and mil-spec enclosures to jointly deploy a brand new line of superior, custom-engineered, mil-std certified* server solutions based upon your requirements.engineeringmil-specperformancedesign
mil spec innovation
five9ns is combining its extensive experience in system design with nis's expertise in ruggedized and mil-spec enclosures to jointly deploy a brand new line of superior, custom-engineered, mil-std certified* server solutions based upon your requirements.
disclamer                        five9ns does not make any promises that the offers appearing on its website will be available to you.            any offer for products or services on this website is restricted to potential five9ns customers who meet the qualification            criteria as defined solely by five9ns, including, without limitation, credit checks.  five9ns            reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject any application for any such offers at any            time, for any reason or no reason, without incurring any liability to you, our website users, any            customers or potential customers, or any other third parties.  all offers listed on our website may            be discontinued at any time without notice and without any further obligation or liability to you,            our website users, any customers or potential customers, or any other third parties.
disclamer
five9ns does not make any promises that the offers appearing on its website will be available to you.            any offer for products or services on this website is restricted to potential five9ns customers who meet the qualification            criteria as defined solely by five9ns, including, without limitation, credit checks.  five9ns            reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to reject any application for any such offers at any            time, for any reason or no reason, without incurring any liability to you, our website users, any            customers or potential customers, or any other third parties.  all offers listed on our website may            be discontinued at any time without notice and without any further obligation or liability to you,            our website users, any customers or potential customers, or any other third parties.
five9ns partners
five9ns partners
get the latest
follow us
