collects and processes any personal data it obtains in the process of testing and developing autonomous vehicle technologies;‍
processes any real-world driving footage provided by its clients; and‍
processes any personal information you provide to us or which other people may provide to us about you on (for example, if you contact us or if someone provides us with information about you),
collection during on road testing, autonomous vehicle related software development and data gathering activities. we will collect data from cameras and other sensors mounted on “five”-branded vehicles driving on public roads within the uk.  this may include externally and internally mounted sensors. we also have internal cctv systems observing the vehicle interior.‍
collection during mapping.  we will collect data from cameras and other sensors being operated by our personal at head height or pole elevation on pavements and other public spaces alongside roads within the uk, and occasionally at higher elevations (e.g. from buildings).‍
third parties or publicly available sources. in addition to collecting data ourselves, we may also receive footage from clients or other third parties, or obtain data from publicly available sources. as we are not involved in the collection of this data and we do not attempt to systematically identify individuals within either the data we collect or the data we receive, we are not able to notify you individually if we receive personal data relating to you. however, in the interests of transparency, we wanted to bring this fact to your attention and to assure you that we consider and balance the interests of individuals whose personal data is contained in any third-party data in the same way as for data we collect ourselves.
service providers acting as processors who provide it, software development or system administration services.‍
other companies in our corporate group acting as joint controllers or processors for the same purpose as for which we use your personal data.‍
professional advisors acting as processors or joint controllers, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, to the extent they require such personal data to provide their services to us.‍
third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. if a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.‍
third parties acting as processors or controllers who may provide us with products or services to assist us in developing autonomous vehicle technologies, or who may be developing autonomous vehicle technology products or services themselves, but only where it is necessary for us to share your personal data for this.‍
our clients (i) if they require real world driving footage we have previously collected in connection with a specific project our use case or (ii) if they were the party who collected or provided us with your personal information in the first instance (i.e. a return of information).‍
researchers and others who access any data sets we may release for research purposes.‍
governmental or regulatory bodies or other authorities who legitimately require us to do so.
we may transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the uk government. the list of countries that benefit from adequacy decisions will change from time to time, but includes the eea. we will usually seek to rely on an adequacy decision where one exists.‍
where we use certain service providers or are otherwise transferring your personal data to a country for which there is no adequacy decision, we will only do so if we are satisfied appropriate safeguards are in place and enforceable rights and effective legal remedies are available for data subjects. these safeguards will usually include using specific contracts approved for use for international transfers which give personal data similar protection to that it has in the uk.‍
we may also transfer personal data where a specific exception applies under data protection law, for example if the transfer is necessary for the performance of a contract between us or to take pre-contract steps at your request, for a contract in your interests between us and another person, or to establish, exercise or defend legal claims.
request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). this enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.‍
request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. this enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us. note, however, that we do not generally hold visual footage or other sensor data in a way that could straightforwardly be described as incomplete or inaccurate because we do not actively seek to identify particular individuals.‍
request erasure of your personal data. this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us continuing to process it. you also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.‍
object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.‍
request restriction of processing of your personal data. this enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
