productsopen sourcesolutionslearncompany
downloadscontact ussign in
all
products
the grafana stack
visualization
with grafana
metrics
with mimir, prometheus,and graphite
logs
with loki
traces
with tempo
pricing
other cool stuff
all
open source
all
featured solutions
all
learn
all
company
help build the future of open source observability softwareopen positions
check out the open source projects we supportdownloads
visualization
with grafana
metrics
with mimir, prometheus,and graphite
logs
with loki
traces
with tempo
the grafana stack
visualization
with grafana
metrics
with mimir, prometheus,and graphite
logs
with loki
traces
with tempo
pricing
other cool stuff
get started
free forever plan:
10,000 series metrics
14-day retention
50 gb of logs
50 gb of traces
3 team members
grafana, of course
featured solutions
webinar spotlight
grafana 9.0 demo video
we'll demo all the highlights of the major release: new and updated visualizations and themes, data source improvements, and enterprise features.
grafana labs privacy policy
thank you for choosing to be part of our community at raintank inc., dba grafana labs (hereafter grafana labs), doing business as grafana labs (“grafana labs”, “we”, “us”, or “our”). we are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. if you have any questions or concerns about our policy, or our practices with regards to your personal information, please contact us at privacy@grafana.com.
when you visit our website https://grafana.com, and use our services, you trust us with your personal information. we take your privacy very seriously. in this privacy policy, we seek to explain to you in the clearest way possible what information we collect, how we use it and what rights you have in relation to it. we hope you take some time to read through it carefully, as it is important. if there are any terms in this privacy policy that you do not agree with, please discontinue use of our sites and our services.
this privacy policy applies to all information collected through our website (https://grafana.com), and/or any related services, sales, marketing or events (we refer to them collectively in this privacy policy as the “services”).
what information do we collect?
i: personal information you disclose to us
we collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when requesting information about us, our products, and our services; when participating in activities on our services (such as posting messages in our online forums or entering competitions, contests or giveaways); or otherwise contacting us.
the personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and our services, the choices you make, and the products, and features you use. the personal information we collect can include the following:
publicly available personal information. we collect first name, maiden name, last name, and nickname; id; phone numbers; email addresses; business email; business phone number; and other similar data.
personal information provided by you. we collect financial information (credit card number, purchase history, invoices); and other similar data.
payment data. we collect data necessary to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number), and the security code associated with your payment instrument. all payment data is stored by network merchants, llc (nmi). you may find their privacy policy link(s) here: https://www.nmi.com/privacy-policy.
social media login data. we may provide you with the option to register using social media account details, like your facebook, google, or other social media account. if you choose to register in this way, we will collect the information described in the section called “how do we handle your social logins” below.
all personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
ii: information automatically collected
we automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate our services. this information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your ip address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring urls, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our services and other technical information. this information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies. you can find out more about this in our cookies policy: https://grafana.com/terms/.
information collected from other sources
we may obtain information about you from other sources, such as public databases, joint marketing partners, social media platforms (such as facebook), and other third parties. the information we receive might include: social media profile information (your name, gender, birthday, email, current city, state and country, user identification numbers for your contacts, profile picture url, and any other information that you choose to make public); marketing leads, and search results and links, including paid listings (such as sponsored links).
how do we use your information?
we process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the fulfillment of our contract with you, compliance with our legal obligations, and/or your consent. we indicate the specific processing grounds we rely on next to each purpose listed below.
below are some definitions that will help you understand the roles and responsibilities of grafana labs:
“data controller” means a person who (either alone, jointly, or in common with other persons) determines the purposes and manner in which any personal information are, or are to be used.
“data processor”, in relation to personal information, means any person (other than an employee of the data controller) who processes the data on behalf of the data controller.
if you provide the data and the instructions, then you are the data controller and grafana labs is the data processor. if we determine the purposes for which we collect and use your personal information, then we are the controller.
we use the information we collect or receive:
to facilitate account creation and logon processs. if you choose to link your account with us to a third party account (such as your google or facebook account), we use the information you allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate these processes. see the “how do we handle your social logins” section for further information.
to send you marketing and promotional communications. we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. you can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send, editing the settings and preference in your account, or by contacting us at privacy@grafana.com. you will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account.
to send administrative information to you. we may use your personal information to send you product, service and new feature information, as well as changes to our terms, conditions, and policies.
deliver targeted advertising to you. we may use your information to develop and display content and advertising (and work with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and/or location and to measure its effectiveness. for more information, see our cookie policy: https://grafana.com/terms/.
request feedback. we may use your information to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our services.
to protect our services. we may use your information as part of our efforts to keep our services safe and secure (for example, for fraud monitoring and prevention).
to enforce our terms, conditions and policies for business purposes, legal reasons and contractual.
to respond to legal requests and prevent harm. if we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to inspect the data we hold to determine how to respond.
to manage user accounts. we may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order.
to deliver services to the user. we may use your information to provide you with the requested service.
to respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. we may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our services.
for other business purposes. we may use your information for other business purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our services, products, marketing and your experience. we may use and store this information in aggregated and anonymized form so that it is not associated with individual end users and does not include personal information. we will not use identifiable personal information without your consent.
will your information be shared with anyone?
we only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
consent: we may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
legitimate interests: we may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
performance of a contract: where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
legal obligations: we may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
vital interests: we may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
more specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
vendors, consultants and other third-party service providers. we may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service, and marketing efforts. we may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the services, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the services over time. this information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. unless described in this policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes. we have contracts in place with our data processors. they will not share your personal information with any organization apart from us. they will hold it securely and retain it for the period we instruct.
business transfers. we may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?
we may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our cookie policy (https://grafana.com/legal/terms/).
most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. if you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our services. for further information, please see our cookie policy.
how do we handle your social logins?
our services offer you the ability to register and login using your third party social media account details (like your github or google logins). where you choose to do this, we will receive certain profile information about you from your social media provider. the profile information we receive may vary depending on the social media provider, but will often include your name, e-mail address, friends list, profile picture as well as other information you choose to make public.
we will use the information we receive only for the purposes that are described in this privacy policy or that are otherwise made clear to you on the services. please note that we do not control, and are not responsible for, other uses of your personal information by your third party social media provider. we recommend that you review their privacy policy to understand how they collect, use and share your personal information, and how you can set your privacy preferences on their sites and apps.
is your information transferred internationally?
we may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own. if you are accessing our services from outside the united states, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information, in the united states, and other countries.
if you are a resident in the european economic area, then these countries may not have data protection or other laws as comprehensive as those in your country. we will take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable law.
how long do we keep your information?
we will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
how do we keep your information safe?
we have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. however, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our services is at your own risk. you should only access the services within a secure environment.
do we collect information from minors?
we do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. by using the services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the services. if we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. if you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at privacy@grafana.com.
what are your privacy rights?
depending on your residence, under the general data protection regulations (gdpr) and to a certain extent the california consumer protection act (ccpa), you have certain rights in relation to the personal information we hold about you. these may include the right: (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. in certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. to make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. we will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
if we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
if you are resident in the european economic area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. you can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
data breach
a privacy breach occurs when there is unauthorized access to or collection, use, disclosure or disposal of personal information. you will be notified about data breaches when grafana labs believes you are likely to be at risk or serious harm. for example, a data breach may be likely to result in serious financial harm or harm to your mental or physical well-being. in the event that grafana labs becomes aware of a security breach which has resulted or may result in unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal information grafana labs will promptly investigate the matter and takes steps in accordance with its contractual obligations for notification be be provided to the applicable supervisory authority, unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
controls for do-not-track features
most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a do-not-track (“dnt”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing dnt signals has been finalized. as such, we do not currently respond to dnt browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. if a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.
do california residents have specific privacy rights?
in short:  yes, if you are a resident of california, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
california civil code section 1798.83, also known as the “shine the light” law, permits our users who are california residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. if you are a california resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
if you are under 18 years of age, reside in california, and have a registered account with the services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the services. to request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in california. we will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
california consumer protection act
effective january 1, 2020, the ccpa allows california residents twice a year, upon a verifiable consumer request, to request that a business that collects consumers’ personal information to give consumers access, in a portable and (if technically feasible) readily usable form, to the specific pieces and categories of personal information that the business has collected about the consumer, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. california residents also have the right to submit a request for deletion of information under certain circumstances. consistent with california law, if you choose to exercise your rights, we won’t charge you different prices or provide different quality of services unless those differences are related to your information.  please contact us as described in the “how can you contact us about this policy?” section below for information on how to submit a request. please note that you must verify your identity and request before further action is taken. as a part of this process, government identification may be required. consistent with california law, you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. in order to designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, you must provide a valid power of attorney, the requester’s valid government issued identification, and the authorized agent’s valid government issued identification. we endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within 45 days of its receipt.  any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt.  the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
do we make updates to this policy?
we may update this privacy policy from time to time. the updated version will be indicated by an updated “revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. if we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. we encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
how can you contact us about this policy?
if you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact our data protection officer (dpo), dpo office, by email at privacy@grafana.com, or by post to:
raintank inc., d/b/a grafana labs
dpo office
29 broadway
31st floor/penthouse
new york, ny 10006
united states
how can you review, update, or delete the data we collect from you?
based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. to request to review, update, or delete your personal information, you can:
■  log into your account settings and update your user account.
■  contact us at privacy@grafana.com. we will respond to your request within 30 days.
upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. however, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our terms of use and/or comply with legal requirements.
keep up with us.product developments and observability innovations.
grafana
grafana
overview
deployment options
plugins
dashboards
products
products
grafana cloud
grafana cloud status
grafana enterprise stack
grafana oncall
open source
open source
grafana
prometheus
grafana loki
grafana mimir
grafana oncall
grafana tempo
metrictank
graphite
grafana k6
tanka
opentelemetry
github
learn
learn
grafana labs blog
documentation
downloads
community
grafana observabilitycon
grafanacon
successes
training
videos
company
company
our mission
the team
press
careers
events
partnerships
contact
sitemap
