sales@hillsonshoes.com
+91-9518685275




home
productssafety shoesoutdoor shoesladies safety shoessafety gumboottorpedo 212occupational boots rainbootsrainbootscoloured / printed rainbootskids rainbootswhite pvc boots swag
safety shoes
outdoor shoes
ladies safety shoes
safety gumboottorpedo 212occupational boots
torpedo 212
occupational boots
rainbootsrainbootscoloured / printed rainbootskids rainbootswhite pvc boots
rainboots
coloured / printed rainboots
kids rainboots
white pvc boots
swag
aboutabout – hillson footwear pvt. ltd.gallery
about – hillson footwear pvt. ltd.
gallery
technical dataisi marked shoestechnical detail sheettest certificate outdoor shoestechnical detail sheettest certificate ladies safety shoeslf-02technical detail sheettest certificate  safety gumboottorpedo 212technical detail sheettest certificate pvc boots with steel toetechnical detail sheettest certificate  rainbootsrainbootstest certificatetechnical detail sheet coloured / printed rainbootstechnical detail sheettest certificate  swag
isi marked shoestechnical detail sheettest certificate
technical detail sheet
test certificate
outdoor shoestechnical detail sheettest certificate
technical detail sheet
test certificate
ladies safety shoeslf-02technical detail sheettest certificate
lf-02technical detail sheettest certificate
technical detail sheet
test certificate
safety gumboottorpedo 212technical detail sheettest certificate pvc boots with steel toetechnical detail sheettest certificate
torpedo 212technical detail sheettest certificate
technical detail sheet
test certificate
pvc boots with steel toetechnical detail sheettest certificate
technical detail sheet
test certificate
rainbootsrainbootstest certificatetechnical detail sheet coloured / printed rainbootstechnical detail sheettest certificate
rainbootstest certificatetechnical detail sheet
test certificate
technical detail sheet
coloured / printed rainbootstechnical detail sheettest certificate
technical detail sheet
test certificate
swag
csrcovid-19 protectionsharing is caringek anokhi pehalspreading laughter
covid-19 protection
sharing is caring
ek anokhi pehal
spreading laughter
cataloguehillson catalogueswag catalogueindustrial catalogue
hillson catalogue
swag catalogue
industrial catalogue
faq’s
blogs
contact us
home » privacy policy
privacy policy
at www.hillsonshoes.com, accessible from www.hillsonshoes.com, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. this privacy policy document contains types of information that are collected and recorded by www.hillsonshoes.com and how we use it.
if you have additional questions or require more information about our privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
this privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in www.hillsonshoes.com. this policy does not apply to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
consentby using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms.information we collectthe personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
if you contact us directly, we may receive additional information about you such as your name, email address, phone number, the contents of the message and/or attachments you may send us, and any other information you may choose to provide.
when you register for an account, we may ask for your contact information, including items such as name, company name, address, email address, and telephone number.
how we use your informationwe use the information we collect in various ways, including:
provide, operate, and maintain our websitesimprove, personalize, and expand our websiteunderstand and analyze how you use our websitedevelop new products, services, features, and functionalitycommunicate with you, either directly or through one of our partners, including for customer service, to provide you with updates and other information relating to the website, and for marketing and promotional purposessend you emailsfind and prevent fraudlog fileswww.hillsonshoes.com follows a standard procedure of using log files. these files log visitors when they visit websites. all hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services’ analytics. the information collected by log files includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. these are not linked to any personally identifiable information. the purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users’ movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
cookies and web beaconslike any other website, www.hillsonshoes.com uses ‘cookies’. these cookies are used to store information including visitors’ preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. the information is used to optimize the users’ experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors’ browser type and/or other information.
for more general information on cookies, please read “what are cookies” from cookie consent.
advertising partners privacy policiesyou may consult this list to find the privacy policy for each of the advertising partners of www.hillsonshoes.com.
third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, javascript, or web beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on www.hillsonshoes.com, which are sent directly to users’ browser. they automatically receive your ip address when this occurs. these technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
note that www.hillsonshoes.com has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
third-party privacy policieswww.hillsonshoes.com‘s privacy policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. thus, we are advising you to consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. it may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options.
you can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. to know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers’ respective websites.
ccpa privacy rights (do not sell my personal information)under the ccpa, among other rights, california consumers have the right to:
request that a business that collects a consumer’s personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
request that a business deletes any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
request that a business that sells a consumer’s personal data, not sell the consumer’s personal data.
if you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. if you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
gdpr data protection rightswe would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. every user is entitled to the following:
the right to access – you have the right to request copies of your personal data. we may charge you a small fee for this service.
the right to rectification – you have the right to request that we correct any information you believe is inaccurate. you also have the right to request that we complete the information you believe is incomplete.
the right to erasure – you have the right to request that we erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
the right to restrict processing – you have the right to request that we restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
the right to object to processing – you have the right to object to our processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
the right to data portability – you have the right to request that we transfer the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
if you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. if you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
children’s informationanother part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. we encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
www.hillsonshoes.com does not knowingly collect any personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13. if you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
about hillson
hillson is one of the largest manufacturers and exporters of industrial safety shoes, gumboots, safety boots…etc
policies
– terms & conditions
– privacy policy
– returns policy
– shipping policy
connect
email - sales@hillsonshoes.com
phone - +91-9518685275
address - plot no. 420-421, m.i.e. part i, bahadurgarh, haryana 124507
connect




copyright 2022 © hillson footwear pvt. ltd. all rights reserved. (terms of use)developed and managed by infocom network ltd.
