productshoducccontact center softwarecall center softwarehodupbxhodublasthoduconf
hoducccontact center softwarecall center software
contact center software
call center software
hodupbx
hodublast
hoduconf
partner
insights
careers
about usoverviewvision & missionvaluesawards & recognition
overview
vision & mission
values
awards & recognition
contact us
privacy policy
at hodusoft pvt. ltd., we believe to be transparent with you and hence, through this privacy policy, we hereby give you a clear idea regarding the use of your personal information that we collect from your end when you visit our site and/or when you raise an inquiry to us.
information we receive from you
when you visit our website, we collect personal information from you such as your name, contact number, e-mail, etc. we also collect your ip address, browser, and device identity. we collect this information in order to improve our site’s performance and provide you enhanced user experience. we also have access to your number of site visits, time spent on our site, the number of pages viewed, etc. but we don’t use these or any other details to trace your personal identification.
plus, we never sell, transfer or trade your personal information with any third party websites or persons unless we are entitled to do it legally. please be sure that we don’t use your personal details for any purpose other than what stated above. if at any time, if you want us to stop using your information, you can contact us.
information you provide through interactions
during the interaction happened between us (via forums, e-mails, chat box, feedback or any other way), whatever information you share with us will be protected from our end and will not share with any other person.
protection of your data
as we respect your privacy, we have implemented certain policies and technology standards with a view to protecting your data from any unauthorized or improper access. and we assure you to update them as and when required and new standards get available.
only the online privacy policy
this privacy policy is applicable only in case of all your information we collect online through our website and not offline.

changes and amendments
we have the right and authority to make any amendment or alteration in any or all the grounds of this privacy policy. all such changes and amendments to this policy shall be communicated to you and published on this page. you are therefore advised to visit this page as and when you visit our website.
your consent
by using our website, you assure us about your consent to this privacy policy.
contact us
should you have any queries or questions regarding this privacy policy or any of our dealings or practices, kindly contact us.
subscribe our newsletter today!
head office india
1403/04, shilp epitome, near infostretch, ahmedabad – 380054, gujarat, india.
contact
email : [email protected]
sales: +91-886-672-8362
+1-707-708-4638






company overview
awards & recognition
insights
careers
contact us
contact center software
call center software
hodupbx
hodublast
hoduconf
events
blog
copyright © 2022 hodusoft. all rights reserved. terms of use | privacy policy
request free trial
hoduconf brochure
hodublast brochure
hodupbx brochure
hoducc call center brochure
hoducc contact center brochure
please leave this field empty.
