register
log in
feedback
productsmil-std-1553transceiversencoder / decodersintegrated terminalstransformersprotocol ip coreremote terminal guidrop-in replacementsarinc 429line driversprotocol ics with parallel interfaceline receiversprotocol ics with spi interfacedata management and protocol bridgeslcd display driversarinc 825 (can)discrete-to-digitalrs485 / 422arinc 717analog switchesethernet
mil-std-1553transceiversencoder / decodersintegrated terminalstransformersprotocol ip coreremote terminal guidrop-in replacements
transceivers
encoder / decoders
integrated terminals
transformers
protocol ip core
remote terminal gui
drop-in replacements
arinc 429line driversprotocol ics with parallel interfaceline receiversprotocol ics with spi interfacedata management and protocol bridges
line drivers
protocol ics with parallel interface
line receivers
protocol ics with spi interface
data management and protocol bridges
lcd display drivers
arinc 825 (can)
discrete-to-digital
rs485 / 422
arinc 717
analog switches
ethernet
tech docs
qualityquality systemscertificationspackage process optionsissues & returnsrma request formpackage reliability reportproduct qualification proceduresquality app. notes, related standards and pcnssign up for pcn notifications
quality systems
certifications
package process options
issues & returnsrma request form
rma request form
package reliability report
product qualification procedures
quality app. notes, related standards and pcns
sign up for pcn notifications
companymessage from the presidentnewscareers
message from the president
news
careers
contact
security / privacy
overview
security and privacy  as part of our on going commitment to exceptional customer service, holt takes every precaution to ensure that your online experience with us is a safe one.  when you place orders with us online, a secure server is used to relay the information from your pc to ours.  when our order form asks you for sensitive information (such as a credit card number, name and address), that information is encrypted and is protected by ssl encryption software.  a secure server is used to transfer all of your ordering information.   holt integrated circuits is the sole owner of the information collected on this site.  it is our policy to treat this information in a confidential manner.  generally, when you visit our web site and request information, you remain anonymous.  only when you request additional information, buy from us online or sign up for our e-newsletter do we request that you give us personal information.   what information does holt collect and how do we use it? email newslettersif you decide to sign up for holt’s email newsletters, we may ask for your name, company, email address, mailing address and telephone number.  the information you provide us will  be used to send you the latest news, updates, and information about holt and its products.   literature requestswhen you request literature from holt, we will need your name, email address, mailing address and telephone number. this information will be used to provide you with the literature you have requested and to keep you informed of the latest updates and information about holt and its product lines. ordering onlinewhen you order products from holt online, we will need to know your name, billing and shipping addresses, email address, telephone number and credit card number with expiration date.  this information will be used to process your order as quickly and accurately as possible.  your credit card information is treated as confidential and subject to our internal procedures regarding the treatment and handling of confidential data and materials. email updates holt may occasionally send you email updates containing news or information we feel will be of interest to you regarding our products and services.  you can choose at any time to opt out of any further emails from holt (see unsubscribe or opt out of emails below). is the information we collect from you shared with anyone? at holt, we know how valuable your privacy is.  data given to us, by you, will not be shared with any outside parties except as described in this policy or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it. how do i unsubscribe or opt out of future emails from holt? simply send an email, including your name and email address, to unsubscribe@holtic.com requesting to be removed from our mailing list. if you have questions or comments about holt’s privacy and security policy and practices, please contact us at: holt integrated circuits23351 maderomission viejo, ca  92691phone:  (949) 859-8800fax:  (949) 859-9643email:  info@holtic.com use of this web site signifies that you consent to our security and privacy policies as described above.  holt integrated circuits reserves the right to make changes to this policy statement at any time.  if such changes are made, they will be made available on this site.
copyright © 2000-2022 holt integrated circuits, inc..                security / privacy
avionics
industrial
tech docs
quality
company
contact
careers
terms of use
site map
