about us
servicessupport overviewsystem 21 migration and planningsystem 21 & ibm i upgrade serviceproject managementtrainingrpg programming
support overview
system 21 migration and planning
system 21 & ibm i upgrade service
project management
training
rpg programming
solutionssystem 21ibm iseries power server & business continuitydr, backup and securitybusiness continuity
system 21
ibm iseries power server & business continuity
dr, backup and security
business continuity
ims consultancymaking tax digitalpostponed vat reportingdata cleaning auditswebsite and portal developmentbrexit checklist
making tax digital
postponed vat reporting
data cleaning audits
website and portal development
brexit checklist
ims business partners
blog
contact
about us
servicessupport overviewsystem 21 migration and planningsystem 21 & ibm i upgrade serviceproject managementtrainingrpg programming
support overview
system 21 migration and planning
system 21 & ibm i upgrade service
project management
training
rpg programming
solutionssystem 21ibm iseries power server & business continuitydr, backup and securitybusiness continuity
system 21
ibm iseries power server & business continuity
dr, backup and security
business continuity
ims consultancymaking tax digitalpostponed vat reportingdata cleaning auditswebsite and portal developmentbrexit checklist
making tax digital
postponed vat reporting
data cleaning audits
website and portal development
brexit checklist
ims business partners
blog
contact
home |
privacy policy
privacy policy
1. introduction
welcome to the integrated management solutions (global) ltd (“ims”, “we”, “us”, and “our”) privacy policy.
ims respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. this privacy policy will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you visit our website at [www.imsolutions.info] (“our website”) (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you. this privacy policy also applies to any personal data collected or received through means other than our website – for example via email, telephone, post, or face-to-face contact.
2. important information and who we are
purpose of this privacy policy
this privacy policy aims to give you information on how ims collects and processes your personal data, including any data you may provide when (if applicable) you sign up to one or more newsletters or mailing lists, obtain a product or service, take part in a competition or survey, or otherwise engage with us.
our website is not intended for children, and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children. if you are below 16 you must stop using our website unless you have our express written consent to use it.
it is important that you read this privacy policy together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. this privacy policy supplements any such notices and is not intended to override them.
controller
integrated management solutions (global) ltd is the controller and responsible for your personal data (collectively referred to as “ims”, “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy policy).we have appointed a data protection officer (dpo) who is responsible for overseeing questions concerning this privacy policy. if you have any questions about this privacy policy, including any requests to exercise your legal rights (as set out in paragraph 9 of this privacy policy), please contact the dpo using the details set out below.
contact details
our full details are:
full name of legal entity: integrated management solutions (global) ltdname and title of dpo: simon sherwood
email address: ssherwood@imsolutions.info
postal address: the granary, mappleton, north hykeham, lincoln ln6 9tq.
telephone number: 0845 130 8499
you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the information commissioner’s office (ico), the uk supervisory authority for data protection issues (www.ico.org.uk). we would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ico so please contact us in the first instance.
changes to the privacy policy and your duty to inform us of changesthis version was last updated on 17.11.21 and historic versions can be obtained by contacting us.
the personal data we hold about you must be accurate and current. please keep us informed if your personal data changes during your relationship with us.
third-party links
our website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins, and applications. clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. we do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. when you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy/notice of every website you visit.
3. the data we collect about you
personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. it does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you which we have grouped together as follows:
ø identity & contact data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth, gender, job title, employer, billing address, delivery address, email address and telephone numbers.
ø financial data includes bank account and payment card details.
ø services data includes details of products and services you have obtained from us.
ø technical data includes internet protocol (ip) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access our website.
ø usage data includes information about how you use our website, products, and services.
ø marketing and communications data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
we also collect, use, and share aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. for example, we may aggregate your usage data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. however, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used under this privacy policy.
we do not collect special categories of personal data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). we do not collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
if you fail to provide personal data
where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform the contract we have or are trying to enter into with you (for example, to provide you with goods or services). in this case, we may have to cancel a product or service you have with us, but we will notify you if this is the case at the time.
4. how is your personal data collected?
we use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:(a) direct interactions. you may give us your personal data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email or otherwise, including face-to-face contact. this includes personal data you provide when you:
ø obtain or enquire about our products or services.ø create an account on our website.ø subscribe to our service or publications.ø request marketing to be sent to you.ø enter a competition, promotion, or survey; orø give us some feedback.
(b) automated technologies or interactions. as you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your equipment, browsing actions and patterns. we collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs and other similar technologies. we may also receive technical data about you if you visit other websites employing our cookies. please see our cookie policy for further details.
(c) third parties or publicly available sources. we may receive personal data about you from various third parties and public sources as set out below:
ø technical data from the following parties:ø analytics providers such as google, some of whom are based outside the eea.ø advertising networks, some of whom are based outside the eea; andø search information providers, some of whom are based outside the eea.ø identity & contact, financial and services data from providers of technical, payment and delivery services, some of whom are based outside the eea.ø identity & contact data from data brokers or aggregators, some of whom are based outside the eea.ø identity & contact data from publicly availably sources such as companies house and the electoral register based inside the eea.ø identity & contact and services data from solicitors, banks, and other professionals whom you have instructed concerning any transaction in which we are involved.ø [any other ways you collect personal data].
5. how we use your personal data
we will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:ø where we need to perform the contract, we are about to enter into or have entered into with you.ø where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.ø where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than sending direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. you have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by https://www.imsolutions.info/contact/
purposes for which we will use your personal data
we have set out below, in a table format, a description of all the ways we plan (or may in the future plan) to use your personal data, and which of the legal bases we rely on to do so. we have also identified what our legitimate interests are where appropriate.
note that we may process your personal data for more than one lawful ground depending on the specific purpose for which we are using your data.
please access https://www.imsolutions.info/contact/ if you need details about the specific legal ground, we are relying on to process your personal data where more than one ground has been set out in the table below.
purpose/activitytype of datalawful basis for processing including basis of legitimate interest
to register you as a new customer
(a) identity & contact(b) services
performance of a contract with you
to process and deliver your services including:(a) manage payments, fees, and charges(b) collect and recover money owed to us(a) identity & contact(b) services(c) financial(d) usage(a) performance of a contract with you(b) necessary for our legitimate interests (including to recover debts due to us)
to manage our relationship with you which will include:(a) notifying you about changes to our terms or privacy policy(b) asking you to leave a review or take a survey(a) identity & contact
(a) performance of a contract with you(b) necessary to comply with a legal obligation(c) necessary for our legitimate interests (to keep our records updated and to study how customers use our products/services)
to enable you to take part in a prize draw, competition or complete a survey(a) identity & contact(b) usage
(a) performance of a contract with you(b) necessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them and grow our business)
to administer and protect our business and our website (including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting of data, and recording customer telephone calls)
(a) identity & contact(b) services(c) financial(d) usage(a) necessary for our legitimate interests (for running our business, provision of administration and it services, network security, to prevent fraud and in the context of a business reorganisation or group restructuring exercise)(b) necessary to comply with a legal obligation
to improve the services, we offer and to ensure that the standards of services we deliver are maintained by recording customer telephone calls for training and monitoring purposes.(a) identity & contact(b) services(c) financial(d) usagenecessary for our legitimate interests (for maintaining and improving our service standards, resolution of disputes, and preventing fraud)
to deliver relevant website content and advertisements to you, use data analytics and measure or understand the effectiveness of the advertising we serve to you(a) identity & contact(b) usage(c) technicalnecessary for our legitimate interests (to study how customers use our products/services, to develop them, to grow our business and to inform our business strategy)
to make suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you(a) identity & contact(b) usage(c) technicalconsent
marketing
we strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. it is entirely your choice whether you consent to us providing you with direct electronic marketing – we will only do so where you have given us your consent to do so.
promotional offers from us
we may use your identity & contact, technical, usage, and services data to form a view on what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you. this is how we decide which products, services and offers may be relevant for you (we call this marketing).you will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased goods or services from us or if you provided us with your details when you entered a competition or registered for a promotion and, in each case, you have opted into receiving that marketing.
third-party marketing
we will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third party for marketing purposes.opting out
you can ask us to stop (and to ask third parties to whom we have provided your personal data to stop) sending you marketing messages by going to https://www.imsolutions.info/contact/at any time.
cookies
you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when websites set or access cookies. if you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our website may become inaccessible or not function properly. for more information about the cookies we use, please see our cookie policy.
change of purpose
we will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. if you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please go to https://www.imsolutions.info/contact/
if we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, in compliance with the above rules, where this is required or permitted by law.
6. disclosures of your personal data
we may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table in paragraph 5 above.
ø external third parties as set out in the glossary.ø third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. if a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy policy.we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
7. international transfers
many of our external third parties are based outside the european economic area (eea) so their processing of your personal data will involve a transfer of data outside the eea.whenever we transfer your personal data out of the eea, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
ø we may transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the european commission.ø where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the european commission which give personal data the same protection it has in europe.ø where we use providers based in the us, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the privacy shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between europe and the us.ø where none of the above applies, we will ask you to specifically consent to the transfer.please https://www.imsolutions.info/contact/ if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the eea.
8. data security
we have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered, or disclosed. in addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. they will only process your personal data on our instructions, and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.we have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
9. data retention
we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including to satisfy any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.to determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.details of retention periods for different aspects of your personal data are available in our retention policy which you can request from us by https://www.imsolutions.info/contact/in some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see request erasure below for further information.in some circumstances, we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
10. your legal rights
under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws concerning your personal data.
if you wish to exercise any of those rights (as further detailed in the glossary), please access https://www.imsolutions.info/contact/.
no fee is usually required
you will not usually have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). however, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
what we may need from you
we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). this is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. we may also contact you to ask you for further information concerning your request to speed up our response.
time limit to respond
we try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. in this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
11. glossary
lawful basis
legitimate interest means the interest of our business in conducting and managing our business to enable us to give you the best service/product and the best and most secure experience. we make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. we do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). you can obtain further information about how we assess our legitimate interests against any potential impact on you in respect of specific activities by https://www.imsolutions.info/contact/performance of contract means processing your data where it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which you are a party or to take steps at your request before entering into such a contract.
complying with a legal or regulatory obligation means processing your personal data where it is necessary for compliance with a legal or regulatory obligation that we are subject to.
third parties
external third parties
ø service providers based both within and outside the eea who provide it and system administration services.ø suppliers of services comprising part of, or being ancillary to, our provision of services to you, based both within and outside the eea.ø professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers based both within and outside the eea who provide consultancy, banking, legal, insurance and accounting services.ø hm revenue & customs, regulators and other authorities based in the eea.ø other professionals instructed by you (such as solicitors), usually based in the eeaø [details of any other third parties, for example, market researchers, fraud prevention agencies, price comparison sites etc].
your legal rights
you have the right to:
request access to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). this enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
request correction of the personal data that we hold about you. this enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
request erasure of your personal data. this enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it. you also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
object to processing of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your particular situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts on your fundamental rights and freedoms. you also have the right to object to where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. in some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
request restriction of processing of your personal data. this enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
request the transfer of your personal data to you or a third party. we will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
withdraw consent at any time where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. however, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. if you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain products or services to you. we will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
share this page
contact us
the granarymappletonnorth hykehamlincolnln6 9tq
0845 130 8499
contact us
the granarymappletonnorth hykehamlincolnln6 9tq
0845 130 8499
services
system supportsupportsystem migration and planningproject managementtraining
blogs & archives
blog
consultancy
making tax digitalpostponed vat reportingdata cleaning auditsweb and ecommerce portal developmentbrexit checklist
integrated management solutions (global) ltd 2021. all rights reserved.
cookie policy
terms and conditions
privacy policy
