thank you for filling the form!
your request was successfully sent. we will contact you as soon as possible!
interested in latest news in it sphere?
name *
e-mail *
subscription successful!
now you will be the first to know when we publish a new article.
wait wait wait...
it looks that you are already our subscriber!
need tech advice for iot?
we're glad to share expertise in architecture, technologies,  risk assessment from 120+ iot projects for free.
privacy & cookies policy
last modified: january 2018
we at indeema software inc. (“indeema,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) have created this privacy policy (“privacy & cookies policy”) to let you know about how information you provide to us is used and shared. while we take serious precautions and encrypt the data to protect your privacy, we want you to know when, how, and why the collection occurs. we encourage you to read this privacy & cookies policy carefully. this privacy & cookies policy applies to both how we collect the information and our use practices when:  -	you visit the website online  -	you provide information to us by other means such as email, phone, messenger, and third-party mediums  if you have any questions or requests with regard to this privacy & cookies policy, please contact us via email at ask@indeema.com with “privacy policy” in the subject line.
by visiting any part of our website, you are accepting the terms of this privacy & cookies policy and the accompanying terms of use, that both regulate your use of the website. by providing us information by other means, you are also accepting the terms of this privacy & cookies policy.
during operating the website, interacting with you, or both, we will collect, receive, or both, the information (collectively, the “information”) that includes:personal informationwhen you subscribe to receiving updates from our blog or any related newsletters, or apply for an available job, you are required to provide us with personal information, such as your name, email address, and any other information that is present in the attached files (for job applicants). we do not collect any personal information from visitors when they use the website unless they provide such information voluntarily, such as by sending us an email or subscribing to our blog. we use “personal information” to generalize the information we collect and/or receive under this section.project informationwhen you request an estimation of or make an order, you are requested to provide us with certain information about the project you want our assistance with. for clarity, we refer to this type of information as to “project information”. we neither share this information nor use it for purposes other than those you assigned us with.customer testimonialswe may post customer testimonials, which may contain personal information, on the website. we obtain each customer's consent prior to posting the customer's name and testimonial.cookies and analytical informationwe also may collect additional information (“cookies and statistical information”) and use third-party analytical services for compiling statistical and marketing reports. the information under this section neither personally identifies you nor directly relates to any specific person.
cookies are small text files stored on your computer or device when you browse websites so that they “recognize” you on the next visit. we may use both session cookies (automatically deleted when you close the browser) and persistent cookies (that you have to delete by yourself) to help us collect cookies and statistical information and to enhance your experience when using the website. most browsers allow you to disable cookies. to disable cookies, use your browser’s help documentation or perform a search. please yet note that this action can affect the usability of this website and majority of other sites as well.
we use cookies to collect visitor statistics and usage the website. we use this information to identify instabilities or errors and improve your experience with the website. here’s what information is collected:computer or device informationthis includes a static or dynamic ip address, the device type (desktop, tablet, mobile), mac address, universally unique id (“uuid”)/advertising identifier (“idfa”), platform, service provider, and similar data.browser preferencesthis includes the type and language of your browser.statistical visit informationthis includes from what pages you come and exit the website; how much time is spent on a specific page, whether you are a new or returning visitor.demo- and geographical informationthis includes date, time, and gender.these cookies do not gather personal data, unless you personally provide such information to us.
google analyticsusing google analytics, we receive general statistics about behavior and thus improve online experience of our website users. learn how google uses information collected from sites and applications at https://policies.google.com/technologies/partner-sitesfacebook pixelvia facebook pixel, we receive advertisement reach information to analyze, personalize, and manage our advertisements. to find out how facebook pixel complies to regulatory privacy requirements, visit https://www.facebook.com/business/gdpr.these services use cookies and other metrics such as pixel tags (web beacons or clear gifs) to learn what advertisement brought the visitor to the website, process gathered data and compile statistical reports. by visiting the website, you accept the processing of this cookies and statistical information by these analytical vendors for purposes set in this privacy & cookies policy.
we use your information to:respond to your requestswe use contact information such as email address, phone number, or other communication medium you provide us online or by other means to reach out and supply you the services and information that you request; respond to your comments and questions.create and maintain business relationswe use contact information such as email address, phone number, or other communication medium you provide us to contact you about our services, updates, or additional related information if you are, or we have solid reasons to believe you may be, our customer or business partner.notify you about updateswe use email address to send you updates in our blog if you have subscribed to such updates.collect automated analyticswe use cookies and statistical information to process your behavioral information when you use the website to get relevant insights and thus fine-tune the experience you get and improve website performance.
at indeema software, we take commercially reasonable measures to protect your privacy and to shield the information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. while we take serious precautions, no security measures are impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the safety or security of your personal information. it is for this reason we recommend you to use serious caution when browsing the internet. this particularly applies to sending or receiving emails so we suggest use caution when deciding what information to send via email.
both our website and the data servers are run in the united states so any information is transferred to the us. for visitors and users that are located outside the united states, this means that you accept this transfer and our usage of the information and data received for the purposes and to extent stated in this privacy & cookies policy.  your rights as the personal information data subject include reviewing, correcting, accessing, updating, and deleting information we hold about you. the rights also include requesting the transfer of the copy, restricting the processing of this information by means that include automated decision-making and profiling.  we follow the rules set forth by gdpr and encourage you to read https://gdpr-info.eu, especially the chapter 3 and chapter 5, to learn about your rights and data transfer regulations.
the website is specifically created for and aimed at adult audience. we comply to the children’s online privacy protection act and do not request, hold, or knowingly collect any personal information from or about children under 13 years. we encourage parents and legal guardians to track how their children use the internet and instruct to never provide any personal information without their consent. for parents or legal guardians of children under 13, if you believe that your child has provided any personal information to us, please contact us, and we will remove such information from our databases.
we do not currently share or plan to share or in any other way disclose any personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. if we were to change this practice, we would notify you 30 days prior to any of such events take place so that you may choose to opt out.
if we have strong reasonable belief that you may like to want to visit other website from our website, we may provide links to such sites. however, since these websites are not operated by us, they may or may not correspond out privacy practices. we encourage you to read the privacy policy of such sites.
this privacy & cookies policy is effective as of the date in the “last update:” legend at the top of the document. we may update this privacy & cookies policy from time to time. you accept such changes by accessing the website and/or using other services, or means of communication. we encourage you to look at this privacy & cookies policy regularly.
