privacy policy
this policy is effective as of 17 december 2019.
your privacy is important to us. it is inetsoft technology's policy to respect your privacy    regarding any information we may collect from you across our website,    https://data.inetsoft.com, and other sites we own and    operate.
we only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. we    collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. we also let you know why    we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
we only retain collected information for as long as necessary to provide you with your    requested service. what data we store, we’ll protect within commercially acceptable means to    prevent loss and theft, as well as unauthorized access, disclosure, copying, use or    modification.
we don’t share any personally identifying information publicly or with third-parties, except    when required to by law.
our website may link to external sites that are not operated by us. please be aware that we    have no control over the content and practices of these sites, and cannot accept responsibility    or liability for their respective privacy policies.
you are free to refuse our request for your personal information, with the understanding that    we may be unable to provide you with some of your desired services.
your continued use of our website will be regarded as acceptance of our practices around    privacy and personal information. if you have any questions about how we handle user data and    personal information, feel free to contact us at    info@inetsoft.com.
google user data
this website does not store your google credentials or any of your user data. instead, the  authorization that you grant is passed to your local server installation. your local server  will use the provided authorization token to list google sheet documents in your google drive,  read the contents of selected google sheets, and query your google analytics data as required by  the queries that you define. your data will only be stored in your local server installation if  you choose to materialize a visualization that uses data from one of these queries.
