companyvirtual tourlocationscooperation partnersmanagement teamcertifications
virtual tour
locations
cooperation partners
management team
certifications
our marketsindustryinfrastructurelife sciencepublic service
industry
infrastructure
life science
public service
our know howapp and web technologiesimage processingcyber securitydata science & analyticsdigitisationdigital health applications (diga)embedded softwarefunctional safetyindustry 4.0 and iotartificial intelligenceoee optimisationpredictive analytics and maintenancesoftware in accordance with mdr, ivdr and fdasoftware for gmp environmentsplc programming systems
app and web technologies
image processing
cyber security
data science & analytics
digitisation
digital health applications (diga)
embedded software
functional safety
industry 4.0 and iot
artificial intelligence
oee optimisation
predictive analytics and maintenance
software in accordance with mdr, ivdr and fda
software for gmp environments
plc programming systems
career at infoteamworking with usvacanciesprofessionalsyoung professionalscollege studentsschool studentsunsolicited applicationinfoteam-challengetalent networkcareer newsfaq
working with us
vacancies
professionals
young professionals
college students
school students
unsolicited application
infoteam-challenge
talent network
career news
faq
press



news
contact
search
deutsch
english





home
privacy
privacy
1. downloads
here we provide you with documents in which we inform you about the handling of your personal data.
datenschutz-information ms teams de
data protection information ms teams en
datenschutz-information kunden & lieferanten de
data protection information customers & suppliers en
datenschutz-information zoom
2. data protection at a glance
general information
the following information provides a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit this website. personal data is any data that can be used to identify you personally. for more detailed information on data protection, please refer to our privacy policy listed below this text.
data collection on this website
who is responsible for data collection on this website?
data processing on this website is carried out by the website operator. you can find his contact details in the section "note on the responsible party" in this data protection declaration.
how do we collect your data?
on the one hand, your data is collected by you providing it to us. this may, for example, be data that you enter in a contact form.
other data is collected automatically or after your consent when you visit the website by our it systems. this is mainly technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time of page view). this data is collected automatically as soon as you enter this website.
what do we use your data for?
some of the data is collected to ensure error-free provision of the website. other data may be used to analyze your user behavior.
what rights do you have regarding your data?
you have the right at any time to receive information free of charge about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data. you also have a right to request the correction or deletion of this data. if you have given your consent to data processing, you can revoke this consent at any time for the future. you also have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances. furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority.
for this purpose, as well as for further questions on the subject of data protection, you can contact us at any time.
analysis tools and tools from third-party providers
when visiting this website, your surfing behavior may be statistically analyzed. this is done primarily with so-called analysis programs.
detailed information about these analysis programs can be found in the following privacy policy.
3. hosting
hetzner
we host our website with hetzner. the provider is hetzner online gmbh, industriestr. 25, 91710 gunzenhausen (hereinafter: hetzner).
for details, please refer to hetzner's privacy policy: www.hetzner.com/de/rechtliches/datenschutz.
the use of hetzner is based on art. 6 para. 1 lit. f dsgvo. we have a legitimate interest in ensuring that our website is presented as reliably as possible. insofar as a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. a dsgvo and § 25 para. 1 ttdsg, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's terminal device (e.g. device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the ttdsg. the consent can be revoked at any time.
order processing
we have concluded an order processing agreement (avv) with the above-mentioned provider. this is a contract required by data protection law, which ensures that this provider only processes the personal data of our website visitors in accordance with our instructions and in compliance with the dsgvo.
4. general notes and obligatory information
data protection
the operators of these pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. we treat your personal data confidentially and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
when you use this website, various personal data are collected. personal data is data with which you can be personally identified. this privacy policy explains what data we collect and what we use it for. it also explains how and for what purpose this is done.
we would like to point out that data transmission on the internet (e.g. when communicating by e-mail) can have security gaps. complete protection of data against access by third parties is not possible.
note on the responsible office
the responsible party for data processing on this website is:
infoteam software ag
am bauhof 9
91088 bubenreuth
germany
phone: +49 (0) 9131 / 78 00 - 0
e-mail: info(a)infoteam.de
the responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data (e.g. names, e-mail addresses or similar).
storage period
unless a more specific storage period has been stated within this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for processing the data no longer applies. if you assert a legitimate request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g. retention periods under tax or commercial law); in the latter case, the data will be deleted once these reasons no longer apply.
general information on the legal basis for data processing on this website
if you have consented to data processing, we process your personal data on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. a dsgvo or art. 9 (2) lit. a dsgvo, if special categories of data are processed in accordance with art. 9 (1) dsgvo. if you have consented to the storage of cookies or to the access to information in your terminal device (e.g. via device fingerprinting), the data processing is additionally based on section 25 (1) ttdsg. the consent can be revoked at any time. if your data is required for the performance of a contract or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures, we process your data on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. b dsgvo. furthermore, if your data is required for the fulfillment of a legal obligation, we process it on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. c dsgvo. furthermore, the data processing may be carried out on the basis of our legitimate interest according to art. 6 para. 1 lit. f dsgvo. information on the relevant legal basis in each individual case is provided in the following paragraphs of this data protection declaration.
data protection officer
we have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
mrs. dr. marion herrmann
data protection symbiose gmbh, hundingstr. 12, 95445 bayreuth, germany

e-mail: datenschutz@infoteam.de
note on data transfer to the usa and other third countries
among other things, we use tools from companies based in the usa or other third countries that are not secure under data protection law. if these tools are active, your personal data may be transferred to these third countries and processed there. we would like to point out that no level of data protection comparable to that in the eu can be guaranteed in these countries. for example, us companies are obliged to hand over personal data to security authorities without you as a data subject being able to take legal action against this. therefore, it cannot be ruled out that u.s. authorities (e.g. intelligence agencies) may process, evaluate and permanently store your data located on u.s. servers for monitoring purposes. we have no influence on these processing activities.
revocation of your consent to data processing
many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. you can revoke consent you have already given at any time. the legality of the data processing carried out until the revocation remains unaffected by the revocation.
right to object to data collection in special cases and to direct marketing (art. 21 dsgvo).
if data processing is carried out on the basis of art. 6 abs. 1 lit. e or f dsgvo, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time for reasons arising from your particular situation; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions. the respective legal basis on which processing is based can be found in this privacy policy. if you object, we will no longer process your personal data concerned unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or the processing is for the purpose of asserting, exercising or defending legal claims (objection under article 21(1) dsgvo).
if your personal data are processed for the purpose of direct marketing, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such marketing; this also applies to profiling insofar as it is related to such direct marketing. if you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for the purpose of direct marketing (objection pursuant to article 21 (2) dsgvo).
right of appeal to the competent supervisory authority
in the event of violations of the gdpr, data subjects shall have a right of appeal to a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of their habitual residence, their place of work or the place of the alleged violation. the right of appeal is without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy.
right to data portability
you have the right to have data that we process automatically on the basis of your consent or in performance of a contract handed over to you or to a third party in a common, machine-readable format. if you request the direct transfer of the data to another responsible party, this will only be done insofar as it is technically feasible.
ssl or tls encryption
for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or requests that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses ssl or tls encryption. you can recognize an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from "http://" to "https://" and by the lock symbol in your browser line.
if ssl or tls encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
information, deletion and correction
within the framework of the applicable legal provisions, you have the right at any time to free information about your stored personal data, its origin and recipient and the purpose of data processing and, if necessary, a right to correction or deletion of this data. for this purpose, as well as for further questions on the subject of personal data, you can contact us at any time.
right to restriction of processing
you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data. for this purpose, you can contact us at any time. the right to restriction of processing exists in the following cases:
if you dispute the accuracy of your personal data stored by us, we usually need time to verify this. for the duration of the review, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
if the processing of your personal data happened/is happening unlawfully, you can request the restriction of data processing instead of deletion.
if we no longer need your personal data, but you need it to exercise, defend or assert legal claims, you have the right to request restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of erasure.
if you have lodged an objection pursuant to art. 21 (1) dsgvo, a balancing of your and our interests must be carried out. as long as it has not yet been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to request the restriction of the processing of your personal data.
if you have restricted the processing of your personal data, this data - apart from its storage - may only be processed with your consent or for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of an important public interest of the european union or a member state.
objection to advertising e-mails
the use of contact data published within the framework of the imprint obligation for the transmission of advertising and information material not expressly requested is hereby objected to. the operators of the pages expressly reserve the right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of advertising information, such as spam e-mails.
5. data collection on this website
cookies
our internet pages use so-called "cookies". cookies are small text files and do not cause any damage to your terminal device. they are stored either temporarily for the duration of a session (session cookies) or permanently (permanent cookies) on your terminal device. session cookies are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. permanent cookies remain stored on your end device until you delete them yourself or until they are automatically deleted by your web browser.
in some cases, cookies from third-party companies may also be stored on your terminal device when you enter our site (third-party cookies). these enable us or you to use certain services of the third-party company (e.g. cookies for processing payment services).
cookies have various functions. many cookies are technically necessary, as certain website functions would not work without them (e.g. the shopping cart function or the display of videos). other cookies are used to evaluate user behavior or display advertising.
cookies that are necessary to carry out the electronic communication process, to provide certain functions that you have requested (e.g. for the shopping cart function) or to optimize the website (e.g. cookies to measure the web audience) (necessary cookies) are stored on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f dsgvo, unless another legal basis is specified. the website operator has a legitimate interest in storing necessary cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of its services. if consent to the storage of cookies and comparable recognition technologies has been requested, processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of this consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a dsgvo and § 25 para. 1 ttdsg); consent can be revoked at any time.
you can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and only allow cookies in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. if cookies are deactivated, the functionality of this website may be limited.
insofar as cookies are used by third-party companies or for analysis purposes, we will inform you separately about this within the scope of this data protection declaration and, if necessary, request your consent.
consent with cookiebot
our website uses the consent technology of cookiebot to obtain your consent to the storage of certain cookies on your terminal device or to the use of certain technologies and to document this in accordance with data protection law. the provider of this technology is cybot a/s, havnegade 39, 1058 copenhagen, denmark (hereinafter "cookiebot").
when you enter our website, a connection is established to cookiebot's servers to obtain your consents and other declarations regarding cookie use. subsequently, cookiebot stores a cookie in your browser in order to be able to assign the consents granted to you or their revocation. the data collected in this way will be stored until you request us to delete it, delete the cookiebot cookie yourself or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. mandatory legal storage obligations remain unaffected.
cookiebot is used to obtain the legally required consent for the use of cookies. the legal basis for this is art. 6 para. 1 lit. c dsgvo.
order processing
we have concluded an order processing agreement (avv) with the provider named above. this is a contract required by data protection law, which ensures that this provider only processes the personal data of our website visitors in accordance with our instructions and in compliance with the dsgvo.
server log files
the provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically transmits to us. these are:
browser type and browser version
operating system used
referrer url
host name of the accessing computer
time of the server request
ip address
this data is not merged with other data sources.
the collection of this data is based on art. 6 para. 1 lit. f dsgvo. the website operator has a legitimate interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimization of its website - for this purpose, the server log files must be collected.
contact form
if you send us inquiries via the contact form, your data from the inquiry form, including the contact data you provided there, will be stored by us for the purpose of processing the inquiry and in case of follow-up questions. we do not pass on this data without your consent.
the processing of this data is based on art. 6 (1) lit. b dsgvo, if your request is related to the performance of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. in all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (art. 6 (1) (f) dsgvo) or on your consent (art. 6 (1) (a) dsgvo) if this has been requested.
the data you enter in the contact form will remain with us until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent to store it, or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies (e.g. after we have completed processing your request). mandatory legal provisions - in particular retention periods - remain unaffected.
inquiry by e-mail, telephone or fax
if you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your inquiry including all resulting personal data (name, inquiry) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. we do not pass on this data without your consent.
the processing of this data is based on art. 6 (1) lit. b dsgvo, if your request is related to the performance of a contract or is necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures. in all other cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests sent to us (art. 6 (1) (f) dsgvo) or on your consent (art. 6 (1) (a) dsgvo) if this has been requested.
the data you send to us via contact requests will remain with us until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent to store it, or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies (e.g. after your request has been processed). mandatory legal provisions - in particular legal retention periods - remain unaffected.

6. newsletter
newsletter data
if you would like to receive the newsletter offered on the website, we require an e-mail address from you as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified e-mail address and agree to receive the newsletter. further data is not collected or only on a voluntary basis. for the handling of the newsletter, we use newsletter service providers, which are described below.
mailchimp
this website uses the services of mailchimp for sending newsletters. the provider is rocket science group llc, 675 ponce de leon ave ne, suite 5000, atlanta, ga 30308, usa.
mailchimp is a service with which, among other things, the sending of newsletters can be organized and analyzed. when you enter data for the purpose of receiving newsletters (e.g. e-mail address), this data is stored on mailchimp's servers in the usa.
with the help of mailchimp, we can analyze our newsletter campaigns. when you open an email sent with mailchimp, a file contained in the email (so-called web-beacon) connects to the servers of mailchimp in the usa. this makes it possible to determine whether a newsletter message has been opened and which links, if any, have been clicked. in addition, technical information is recorded (e.g. time of retrieval, ip address, browser type and operating system). this information cannot be assigned to the respective newsletter recipient. it is used exclusively for the statistical analysis of newsletter campaigns. the results of these analyses can be used to better adapt future newsletters to the interests of the recipients.
if you do not want any analysis by mailchimp, you must unsubscribe from the newsletter. for this purpose, we provide a corresponding link in every newsletter message.
the data processing is based on your consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a dsgvo). you can revoke this consent at any time by unsubscribing from the newsletter. the legality of the data processing operations already carried out remains unaffected by the revocation.
the data you have provided to us for the purpose of receiving the newsletter will be stored by us or the newsletter service provider until you unsubscribe from the newsletter and will be deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe from the newsletter. data that has been stored by us for other purposes remains unaffected by this.
data transfer to the usa is based on the standard contractual clauses of the eu commission. details can be found here: mailchimp.com/eu-us-data-transfer-statement/ and mailchimp.com/legal/data-processing-addendum/.
after you have unsubscribed from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address will be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist if necessary to prevent future mailings. the data from the blacklist will only be used for this purpose and will not be merged with other data. this serves both your interest and our interest in complying with legal requirements when sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of art. 6 (1) f dsgvo). the storage in the blacklist is not limited in time.
you can object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.
for more details, please refer to the privacy policy of mailchimp at: mailchimp.com/legal/terms/.
order processing
we have concluded an order processing agreement (avv) with the above-mentioned provider. this is a contract required by data protection law, which ensures that this provider only processes the personal data of our website visitors in accordance with our instructions and in compliance with the dsgvo.
7. plugins and tools
youtube
this website embeds videos from the website youtube. the operator of the website is google ireland limited ("google"), gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland.
when you visit one of our websites on which youtube is embedded, a connection to the youtube servers is established. in doing so, the youtube server is informed which of our pages you have visited.
furthermore, youtube may store various cookies on your terminal device or use comparable technologies for recognition (e.g. device fingerprinting). in this way, youtube can obtain information about visitors to this website. this information is used, among other things, to collect video statistics, improve the user experience, and prevent fraud attempts.
if you are logged into your youtube account, you allow youtube to associate your browsing behavior directly with your personal profile. you can prevent this by logging out of your youtube account.
youtube is used in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers. this represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f dsgvo. insofar as a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. a dsgvo and § 25 para. 1 ttdsg, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's terminal device (e.g. device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the ttdsg. the consent can be revoked at any time.
further information on the handling of user data can be found in youtube's privacy policy at: policies.google.com/privacy.
google web fonts
this site uses so-called web fonts provided by google for the uniform display of fonts. when you call up a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into its browser cache in order to display texts and fonts correctly.
for this purpose, the browser you are using must connect to google's servers. this enables google to know that this website has been accessed via your ip address. the use of google webfonts is based on art. 6 para. 1 lit. f dsgvo. the website operator has a legitimate interest in the uniform presentation of the typeface on his website. if a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. a dsgvo and § 25 para. 1 ttdsg, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's terminal device (e.g. device fingerprinting) as defined by the ttdsg. the consent can be revoked at any time.
if your browser does not support web fonts, a standard font will be used by your computer.
for more information on google web fonts, please visit developers.google.com/fonts/faq and read google's privacy policy: policies.google.com/privacy.
openstreetmap
we use the map service of openstreetmap (osm). the provider is the open-street-map foundation (osmf), 132 maney hill road, sutton coldfield, west midlands, b72 1ju, united kingdom.
when you visit a website on which openstreetmap is embedded, your ip address and other information about your behavior on this website is forwarded to osmf, among other things. openstreetmap may store cookies in your browser or use similar recognition technologies to do this.
furthermore, your location may be recorded if you have allowed this in your device settings - e.g. on your cell phone. the provider of this site has no influence on this data transmission. for details, please refer to the openstreetmap privacy policy at the following link: https://wiki.osmfoundation.org/wiki/privacy_policy.
the use of openstreetmap is in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers and an easy location of the places indicated by us on the website. this represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f dsgvo. if a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. a dsgvo and § 25 para. 1 ttdsg, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's terminal device (e.g. device fingerprinting) within the meaning of the ttdsg. the consent can be revoked at any time.
google recaptcha
we use "google recaptcha" (hereinafter "recaptcha") on this website. the provider is google ireland limited ("google"), gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland.
the purpose of recaptcha is to verify whether data entry on this website (e.g. in a contact form) is made by a human or by an automated program. for this purpose, recaptcha analyzes the behavior of the website visitor based on various characteristics. this analysis begins automatically as soon as the website visitor enters the website. for the analysis, recaptcha evaluates various information (e.g. ip address, time spent by the website visitor on the website or mouse movements made by the user). the data collected during the analysis is forwarded to google.
the recaptcha analyses run entirely in the background. website visitors are not notified that an analysis is taking place.
the storage and analysis of the data is based on art. 6 para. 1 lit. f dsgvo. the website operator has a legitimate interest in protecting its web offers from abusive automated spying and from spam. if a corresponding consent has been requested, the processing is carried out exclusively on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. a dsgvo and § 25 para. 1 ttdsg, insofar as the consent includes the storage of cookies or access to information in the user's terminal device (e.g. device fingerprinting) as defined by the ttdsg. the consent can be revoked at any time.
for more information on google recaptcha, please refer to the google privacy policy and the google terms of use at the following links: policies.google.com/privacy and policies.google.com/terms.
leadinfo
on our website we use leadinfo b.v. from rivium quadrant 141, 2909 lc capelle aan den ijssel, netherlands to get an overview of our website visitors from the b2b sector.
leadinfo uses the ip address and information from generally available sources to determine which companies visit the website. with the information about the detected company and user behavior, lead generation and service improvement is made possible. the data originates from the b2b sector and, in addition to company data such as company name, address, legal information, etc., is in exceptional cases publicly viewable personal data. in such cases, the processing is based on our legitimate interest within the meaning of art. 6 (1) lit. f. dsgvo
for information on data protection at leadinfo, please refer to the privacy policy of the service: www.leadinfo.com/en/privacy/
you can object to the processing of data on the page: www.leadinfo.com/en/opt-out. in the event of an opt-out, your data will no longer be collected by leadinfo.
another possibility is via an objection via
e-mail to "hallo@leadinfo.com" with the
subject: opt-out and information about the company, such as company name and commercial register number.
order processing
we have concluded an order processing agreement (avv) with the above-mentioned provider. this is a contract required by data protection law, which ensures that this provider only processes the personal data of our website visitors in accordance with our instructions and in compliance with the dsgvo.
8. own services
handling of applicant data
we offer you the opportunity to apply to us (e.g. by e-mail, by post or via online application form). in the following, we inform you about the scope, purpose and use of your personal data collected during the application process. we assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will be carried out in accordance with applicable data protection law and all other statutory provisions and that your data will be treated in strict confidence.
scope and purpose of data collection
when you send us an application, we process your associated personal data (e.g. contact and communication data, application documents, notes taken during interviews, etc.) to the extent necessary to decide whether to establish an employment relationship. the legal basis for this is section 26 bdsg under german law (initiation of an employment relationship), article 6 (1) (b) dsgvo (general contract initiation) and - if you have given your consent - article 6 (1) (a) dsgvo. the consent can be revoked at any time. your personal data will only be passed on within our company to persons involved in processing your application.
if the application is successful, the data you submitted will be stored in our data processing systems on the basis of section 26 of the german federal data protection act (bdsg) and article 6 (1) lit. b dsgvo for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship.
retention period of the data
if we are unable to make you a job offer, if you reject a job offer or if you withdraw your application, we reserve the right to store the data you have submitted with us on the basis of our legitimate interests (art. 6 (1) (f) dsgvo) for up to 6 months from the end of the application process (rejection or withdrawal of the application). the data will then be deleted and the physical application documents destroyed. this storage serves in particular as evidence in the event of a legal dispute. if it is apparent that the data will be required after the 6-month period has expired (e.g. due to an impending or pending legal dispute), the data will not be deleted until the purpose for continued storage no longer applies.
longer storage may also take place if you have given your corresponding consent (art. 6 (1) a dsgvo) or if legal storage obligations prevent deletion.
inclusion in the applicant pool
if we do not make you a job offer, it may be possible to include you in our applicant pool. if you are accepted, all documents and information from your application will be transferred to the applicant pool so that we can contact you in the event of suitable vacancies.
inclusion in the applicant pool takes place exclusively on the basis of your express consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a dsgvo). the provision of consent is voluntary and is not related to the current application process. the data subject may revoke his/her consent at any time. in this case, the data from the applicant pool will be irrevocably deleted, unless there are legal reasons for retention.
the data from the applicant pool will be irrevocably deleted no later than two years after consent has been given.
9. audio and video conferencing
data processing
we use online conferencing tools, among others, to communicate with our customers. the specific tools we use are listed below. when you communicate with us via video or audio conferencing over the internet, your personal data is collected and processed by us and the provider of the respective conferencing tool.
the conferencing tools thereby collect all data that you provide/enter to use the tools (email address and/or your phone number). furthermore, the conference tools process the duration of the conference, start and end (time) of participation in the conference, number of participants and other "context information" related to the communication process (metadata).
furthermore, the provider of the tool processes all technical data required to handle the online communication. this includes in particular ip addresses, mac addresses, device ids, device type, operating system type and version, client version, camera type, microphone or speaker, and the type of connection.
if content is exchanged, uploaded or otherwise made available within the tool, this is also stored on the servers of the tool providers. such content includes, but is not limited to, cloud recordings, chat/instant messages, voicemails uploaded photos and videos, files, whiteboards, and other information shared while using the service.
please note that we do not have full control over the data processing operations of the tools used. our options are largely based on the company policy of the respective provider. for further information on data processing by the conference tools, please refer to the privacy statements of the respective tools used, which we have listed below this text.
purpose and legal basis
the conference tools are used to communicate with prospective or existing contractual partners or to offer certain services to our customers (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b dsgvo). furthermore, the use of the tools serves the general simplification and acceleration of communication with us or our company (legitimate interest within the meaning of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f dsgvo). insofar as consent has been requested, the tools in question are used on the basis of this consent; consent can be revoked at any time with effect for the future.
storage period
the data collected directly by us via the video and conference tools will be deleted from our systems as soon as you request us to delete it, revoke your consent to store it, or the purpose for storing the data no longer applies. stored cookies remain on your terminal device until you delete them. mandatory legal retention periods remain unaffected.
we have no influence on the storage period of your data, which is stored by the operators of the conference tools for their own purposes. for details, please contact the operators of the conference tools directly.
conference tools used
we use the following conference tools:
zoom
we use zoom. the provider of this service is zoom communications inc, san jose, 55 almaden boulevard, 6th floor, san jose, ca 95113, usa. for details on data processing, please refer to zoom's privacy policy: https://zoom.us/de-de/privacy.html.
data transfer to the usa is based on the standard contractual clauses of the eu commission. details can be found here: https://zoom.us/de-de/privacy.html.
order processing
we have concluded a contract on order processing (avv) with the above-mentioned provider. this is a contract required by data protection law, which ensures that this provider only processes the personal data of our website visitors in accordance with our instructions and in compliance with the dsgvo.
latest news
here you can find all the latest news about our company as well as announcements about exhibitions, shows and other events.
overview
sps 2022																				11/08/2022 | events
infoteam at the "sps 2022" in nuremberg from november 8-10
lab.vision 2022																				09/26/2022 | events
infoteam takes part at the lab.vision from 26-27 september in basel
innotrans 2022																				09/20/2022 | events
infoteam takes part at the "innotrans" from 20-23 september in berlin
asqf automation day																				07/19/2022 | events
infoteam at the 30th asqf automation day on july 19, 2022
saec-days 2022																				06/28/2022 | events
infoteam takes part at the saec-days from june 28.-30.
embedded world 2022																				06/21/2022 | events
infoteam will participate on the embedded world from 21-23 june 2022.
analytica 2022																				06/21/2022 | events
infoteam will be participating at analytica from june 21 to 24, 2022.
minds mastering machines 2022																				06/20/2022 | events
postponed date for the lecture by dr. stefano signoriello
infoteam at the m3 conference																				06/08/2022 | corporate
great success in spite of surprises
infoteam shows connected laboratory devices live at analytica 2022																				05/04/2022 | presse
zenlab® framework in cross-stand use at analytica 2022
infoteam software ag am bauhof 9 d-91088 bubenreuth germany
companyvirtual tourlocationscooperation partnersmanagement teamcertifications
virtual tour
locations
cooperation partners
management team
certifications
our marketsindustryinfrastructurelife sciencepublic service
industry
infrastructure
life science
public service
our know howapp and web technologiesimage processingcyber securitydata science & analyticsdigitisationdigital health applications (diga)embedded softwarefunctional safetyindustry 4.0 and iotartificial intelligenceoee optimisationpredictive analytics and maintenancesoftware in accordance with mdr, ivdr and fdasoftware for gmp environmentsplc programming systems
app and web technologies
image processing
cyber security
data science & analytics
digitisation
digital health applications (diga)
embedded software
functional safety
industry 4.0 and iot
artificial intelligence
oee optimisation
predictive analytics and maintenance
software in accordance with mdr, ivdr and fda
software for gmp environments
plc programming systems
career at infoteamworking with usvacanciesprofessionalsyoung professionalscollege studentsschool studentsunsolicited applicationinfoteam-challengetalent networkcareer newsfaq
working with us
vacancies
professionals
young professionals
college students
school students
unsolicited application
infoteam-challenge
talent network
career news
faq
press
news
legal details
privacy
press area
login
register
i
news
contact
search
