
overview
privacy
features
specs
faq
downloadiosandroid
ios
android
buy ucam
ucam privacy policy
last updated april 12, 2020
hyperconnect lab, inc. (“company”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) is committed to protecting your right to privacy with products like ucam. by default we do not collect any personally identifiable information (pii), but we do collect other information in order to deliver services to users. in this privacy policy, we explain what information we collect and how we use it. we also make it clear what we do not do with your information, such as sell or share it with third parties.
this privacy notice applies to all information collected through the ucam mobile application and hardware device (“products”) and any related services (“services”). if you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, or our practices with regards to your information, please contact us at [email protected]

overview
what information do we collect?
how do we use your information?
will your information be shared with anyone?
how long do we keep your information?
how do we keep your information safe?
do we collect information from minors?
what are your privacy rights?
controls for do-not-track features
do california residents have specific privacy rights?
do we make updates to this policy?
how can you contact us about this policy?

1. what information do we collect?
information automatically collected by our products
we collect certain technical information automatically when you use our products, primarily to deliver services to users and maintain the security and operation of our products. this information does not reveal your personal identity, but may include device and usage information, such as your ip address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our apps and other technical information.
information requested when using our products
we request certain account information to login and use our products, namely a “private key” that is owned only by you and pseudonymous (i.e., not linked to any of your personal information). in cases where you need to contact us, such as troubleshooting or account recovery, we may request your email address on an opt-in basis to communicate with you. by default, no personally identifiable information (pii), such as name or email address, is required when you use our products.
when you use our products, we may also request access or permission to certain features from your mobile device, including your camera, microphone, storage, and push notifications. if you wish to add or revoke access, permissions, or notifications, you may do so in your device’s settings.
information generated when using our products
when you use our products, various information will be generated based on your personal settings. for example, you may use your ucam to view live-stream footage, enable two-way audio, and/or record ‘motion detection’ clips. by default, we do not collect or have access to your personal settings or any information generated by your ucam — this information is owned and accessible only by you. if you wish to authorize others to access your camera or information, you may do so in your device’s settings.

2. how do we use your information?
we use the information we collect or receive primarily to create and manage accounts, deliver services to users, and comply with applicable law and legal processes. we do not have access to your data …
account creation and login: we collect account credentials, such as your private key, to login to ucam. if you request, we may create an account on your behalf. all account credentials are stored locally on your ucam and/or mobile device — we do not store it or have access to it.
deliver services to users: we use information that we collect and request to deliver services, such as live-stream video, two-way audio, recorded ‘motion detection’ clips, device and data authorizations, and communications between your ucam device and mobile app. by default, there is no communication with the cloud. all processing necessary to deliver these services is completed locally on your ucam device and mobile device.
user account management (optional): we may use your information for the purposes of managing our account and keeping it in working order. your email address and any information you share with us is maintained only for the duration of the customer service engagement and deleted immediately after.

3. will your information be shared with anyone?
in short:  we only share information with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services, to protect your rights, or to fulfill business obligations.
we may process or share data based on the following legal basis:
consent: we may process your data if you have given us specific consent to use your personal information for a specific purpose.
legitimate interests: we may process your data when it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.
performance of a contract: where we have entered into a contract with you, we may process your personal information to fulfill the terms of our contract.
legal obligations: we may disclose your information where we are legally required to do so in order to comply with applicable law, governmental requests, a judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena (including in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).
vital interests: we may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding potential violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
more specifically, we may need to process your data or share your personal information in the following situations:
vendors, consultants and other third-party service providers. we may share your data with third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform services for us or on our behalf and require access to such information to do that work. examples include: payment processing, data analysis, email delivery, hosting services, customer service and marketing efforts. we may allow selected third parties to use tracking technology on the apps, which will enable them to collect data about how you interact with the apps over time. this information may be used to, among other things, analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content and better understand online activity. unless described in this policy, we do not share, sell, rent or trade any of your information with third parties for their promotional purposes.
business transfers. we may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
third-party advertisers. we may use third-party advertising companies to serve ads when you visit the apps. these companies may use information about your visits to our website(s) and other websites that are contained in web cookies and other tracking technologies in order to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you.
4. how long do we keep your information?
in short:  we keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
we will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). no purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than the period of time in which users have an account with us.
when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.

5. how do we keep your information safe?
in short:  we aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
we have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. however, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our apps is at your own risk. you should only access the services within a secure environment.

6. do we collect information from minors?
in short:  we do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
we do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. by using the apps, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the apps. if we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. if you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at [email protected]

7. what are your privacy rights?
in short:  in some regions, such as the european economic area, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. you may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
in some regions (like the european economic area), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. these may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. in certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. to make such a request, please use the contact details provided below. we will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
if we are relying on your consent to process your personal information, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. please note however that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal.
if you are resident in the european economic area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. you can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
if you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at [email protected].
account information
if you would at any time like to review or change the information in your account or terminate your account, you can:
■  log into your account settings and update your user account.
■  contact us using the contact information provided.
upon your request to terminate your account, we will deactivate or delete your account and information from our active databases. however, some information may be retained in our files to prevent fraud, troubleshoot problems, assist with any investigations, enforce our terms of use and/or comply with legal requirements.
opting out of email marketing: you can unsubscribe from our marketing email list at any time by clicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send or by contacting us using the details provided below. you will then be removed from the marketing email list – however, we will still need to send you service-related emails that are necessary for the administration and use of your account. to otherwise opt-out, you may:
■  note your preferences when you register an account with the site.
■  access your account settings and update preferences.
■  contact us using the contact information provided.

8. controls for do-not-track features
most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a do-not-track (“dnt”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing dnt signals has been finalized. as such, we do not currently respond to dnt browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. if a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.

9. do california residents have specific privacy rights?
in short:  yes, if you are a resident of california, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
california civil code section 1798.83, also known as the “shine the light” law, permits our users who are california residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. if you are a california resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
if you are under 18 years of age, reside in california, and have a registered account with the apps, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the apps. to request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in california. we will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the apps, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.

10. do we make updates to this policy?
in short:  yes, we will update this policy as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
we may update this privacy notice from time to time. the updated version will be indicated by an updated “revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. if we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. we encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.

11. how can you contact us about this policy?
if you have questions or comments about this policy, you may contact our data protection officer (dpo) by email at [email protected], or by post to:
hyperconnect lab, inc.
menlo park, ca
united states

how can you review, update, or delete the data we collect from you?
based on the laws of some countries, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances. to request to review, update, or delete your personal information, please submit a request form by clicking here. we will respond to your request within 30 days.

about  ucam
overview
ucam privacy
ucam features
ucam specs
faq
behind ucam
why we built ucam
how ucam works
how ucam is built
about iotex
about tenvis
ucam news & deals
success!
email
subscribe
