tcs worldwide
investor relations
tata consultancy services
home
industries     industries    banking & financial services   consumer goods & distribution   education   hitech   insurance   manufacturing   retail       capital markets   communications, media & technology   energy, resources & utilities   information services   life sciences & healthcare   public services   travel, transportation & hospitality
industries    banking & financial services   consumer goods & distribution   education   hitech   insurance   manufacturing   retail
banking & financial services
consumer goods & distribution
education
hitech
insurance
manufacturing
retail
capital markets   communications, media & technology   energy, resources & utilities   information services   life sciences & healthcare   public services   travel, transportation & hospitality
capital markets
communications, media & technology
energy, resources & utilities
information services
life sciences & healthcare
public services
travel, transportation & hospitality
services      services     analytics and insights   blockchain   cognitive business operations   cyber security   enterprise applications   quality engineering       automation & ai   cloud   consulting   iot & digital engineering   tcs interactive   sustainability services
services     analytics and insights   blockchain   cognitive business operations   cyber security   enterprise applications   quality engineering
analytics and insights
blockchain
cognitive business operations
cyber security
enterprise applications
quality engineering
automation & ai   cloud   consulting   iot & digital engineering   tcs interactive   sustainability services
automation & ai
cloud
consulting
iot & digital engineering
tcs interactive
sustainability services
products & platforms     products & platforms   products   tcs bancs™   tcs connected intelligence platform™   ignio™   tcs ion™   tcs mastercraft™   tcs optumera™   tap™     chroma™   tcs customer intelligence & insights™   tcs intelligent urban exchange™   jile™   tcs omnistore™   quartz - the smart ledgers™       platforms  tcs add™   tcs bfsi platforms   erp on cloud   tcs hobs™
products & platforms   products   tcs bancs™   tcs connected intelligence platform™   ignio™   tcs ion™   tcs mastercraft™   tcs optumera™   tap™     chroma™   tcs customer intelligence & insights™   tcs intelligent urban exchange™   jile™   tcs omnistore™   quartz - the smart ledgers™
tcs bancs™
tcs connected intelligence platform™
ignio™
tcs ion™
tcs mastercraft™
tcs optumera™
tap™
chroma™
tcs customer intelligence & insights™
tcs intelligent urban exchange™
jile™
tcs omnistore™
quartz - the smart ledgers™
platforms  tcs add™   tcs bfsi platforms   erp on cloud   tcs hobs™
platforms
tcs add™
tcs bfsi platforms
erp on cloud
tcs hobs™
discover tcs      discover tcs     who we are   alliances & partnerships   corporate sustainability   events   newsroom   sports sponsorships   the tcs way       building on belief   corporate social responsibility   leadership & diversity   investor relations   tcs research   tcs pace™
discover tcs     who we are   alliances & partnerships   corporate sustainability   events   newsroom   sports sponsorships   the tcs way
who we are
alliances & partnerships
corporate sustainability
events
newsroom
sports sponsorships
the tcs way
building on belief   corporate social responsibility   leadership & diversity   investor relations   tcs research   tcs pace™
building on belief
corporate social responsibility
leadership & diversity
investor relations
tcs research
tcs pace™
insights     insights    blogs   lens       customer stories   perspectives
insights    blogs   lens
blogs
lens
customer stories   perspectives
customer stories
perspectives
careers
tcs worldwide   investor relations
tcs worldwide
investor relations
tcs’ privacy policy

tata consultancy services limited and its direct and indirect subsidiaries as well as foreign branch offices (which together comprise “tcs”), are committed to meeting legal and regulatory requirements regarding data protection and privacy where it conducts its business activities. this privacy policy (“policy”) defines the minimum standards with respect to tcs collecting, processing, or otherwise using personal data, including information that may be considered as sensitive personal data (“personal data”) about individuals including tcs associates, business contacts, customers or vendors (“individuals”).
where tata consultancy services limited controls other company entities, such other companies will be required to abide by the principles set in this policy.
privacy principles
tcs will handle personal data in accordance with the following principles. tcs ensures that its business partners and vendors comply with the principles of this policy and applicable legal and regulatory compliance standards through appropriate contractual agreements.
· lawfulness of processing
tcs will collect, store, process, use, share, transfer, analyze or otherwise handle (“process” or “processing”) personal data in accordance with applicable legal requirements for legitimate business or compliance purpose or if individuals have provided consent to the processing or any relevant basis as defined by the applicable laws or regulations.
· limit collection and processing
tcs will limit the processing of personal data in terms of scope and duration, as is necessary for the intended purpose.
· transparency
in accordance with applicable legal requirements, tcs will provide information to individuals that explains the scope and purpose of processing, and whom to contact to seek clarifications about privacy or data protection.
· accuracy
tcs will take all necessary measures, as required by applicable laws and regulations, to ensure that personal data processed are accurate for the intended purpose. any inaccurate personal data, in the context of the purposes for which they are processed, will either be erased or rectified without delay. accuracy of data may be subject to the data subject's duty to notify and/or utilise the options as outlined in privacy notices.
· security and confidentiality
tcs aims to protect the security and confidentiality of individuals’ personal data and implement physical, technical and organizational measures against accidental, unlawful or unauthorized destruction, loss, alteration, disclosure or access. tcs will ensure measures are appropriate to the risks represented by the processing it carries out and the nature of those personal data.
· privacy by design
tcs incorporates the principles of privacy by design into all of its personal data processes executed using digital systems, technologies or manually. by default, privacy requirements are embedded into every standard, protocol and process followed by tcs.
· disclosure
tcs discloses, when required/asked, personal data to third parties only for the purposes identified in the privacy notice, with the consent of the individual, or as required for lawful purposes. third parties refer to public authorities, law enforcement agencies and similar authorities.
data subject rights
in accordance with applicable legal requirements, tcs will provide opportunity to exercise data subject rights, which are available to the individuals in the context of their engagement with tcs. such rights may include the right to request access to their personal data, to correct inaccurate or incomplete personal data or to object to the processing of their personal data. each data subject request is validated and tracked to closure. as per the applicable law, and the engagement of data subject with tcs, there might be other rights available such as right to be forgotten, right to withdraw consent, right to data portability, etc. tcs will ensure its compliance and deploy all required measures to help data subjects exercise their rights granted.
international data transfers
tcs operates on a global level and from time to time it may be required to transfer personal data across countries. tcs recognizes that personal data needs to be treated with care, including data transfer to countries, which may not have adequate data protection laws. if tcs transfers personal data to such countries, it will protect these personal data as set out in this policy and in accordance with the requirements of applicable law.
data retention
tcs will observe retention policies and procedures so that it deletes personal data after a reasonable time and the purposes are met. exception applies if in the context of those purposes, it is necessary to keep the personal data indefinitely, or a law requires the personal data to be kept for a certain time. when tcs no longer needs to keep personal data for the purposes, for which they are held, it will delete them as soon as practicable.
jursidiction-specific requirements and implementation
national data protection and privacy laws may impose additional requirements on tcs for the processing of personal data. where required, tcs will establish procedures and guidelines in order to supplement the principles of this policy and engage with relevant regulatory/ supervisory authority, as required.
privacy organization and contact
tcs has set up a global privacy function, which is headed by the head - global privacy office of tcs, and which is tasked with overseeing and implementing privacy and applicable data protection requirements. specific data protection or privacy functions and roles may be added for individual countries or geographies. tcs also appoints data protection officers (or comparable function), where required by applicable laws. the privacy function is also responsible for deploying training and awareness programs and supporting the implementation of privacy principles into tcs business operations and processes. if you have questions about this policy, please direct them to the contact details provided in privacy notice available at www.tcs.com.
data breach reporting
all known or suspected incidents involving personal data must be reported immediately upon discovery. this includes incidents notified to tcs from any tcs associate, client, third party service provider or other business partner. tcs will provide education and awareness to its workforce regarding the procedures for reporting a suspected or confirmed incident. each incident is investigated and tracked to closure.
implementation
tcs has internal arrangements in place to ensure compliance with this policy, to allow effective exercise of individuals' rights set out in this policy and under applicable law, and to deal with any concerns from individuals that tcs may not have complied with the policy and/or applicable law. all individuals can leverage these arrangements and/or exercise their rights by contacting their local data protection officer.
changes to the policy
tcs may update this policy from time to time and without prior notice to individuals to reflect changes in law or privacy practices. if you have questions about this policy, please direct them to the head – global privacy office or to the respective local data protection officer, contact details of whom can be referred from privacy notice available at www.tcs.com.
thank you for downloading
