jump to navigation
search form hora
blog
insights & publicationsarticlesblogcardscase studiespodcastspresentationspapers & guides
articles
blog
cards
case studies
podcasts
presentations
papers & guides
customers
about usboard and leadershipnewspartnerscareers
board and leadership
news
partners
careers
contact us
log in
中文
training
privacy statement
ivar jacobsoninternational sa privacy policy
ivar jacobson international sa (“we”, “us”, “our” or“ivar jacobson”) is committed to protecting and respecting yourprivacy. this policy sets out the basis on which any personal datawe collect from you, or that you provide to us, when you visit ourwebsite, use our products or services, or otherwise interact with usand that will be processed by us. it is important that you read thisprivacy policy together with any other privacy notice or fairprocessing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we arecollecting or processing personal data about you so that you arefully aware of how and why we are using your data. this privacypolicy supplements the other policies and notices and is notintended to override them. for the purposes of the data protectionact 1998 and, when it comes into force, the general data protectionregulation ((eu) 2016/679) (“gdpr”) and all successor legislation tothe data protection act 1998 and the gdpr (the “data protectionlegislation”), the data controller is ivar jacobson international sa.
1. information we collect from you
2. uses made of your information
3. purposes for which we will use yourpersonal data
4. disclosure of your information
5. international transfers
6. data security
7. retention
8. your rights
9. links to and from our site
10. changes to your personal data
11. changes to our privacy policy
12. cookies
13. contact
main menu
home
consulting servicesagile coaching & consultingscaling agile framework®agile in regulated environmentsbuilding effective agile contractssustainable change programslean governance
agile coaching & consulting
scaling agile framework®
agile in regulated environments
building effective agile contracts
sustainable change programs
lean governance
trainingpublic training calendarconsultants & trainersscaled agile framework trainingscrum at scale training
public training calendar
consultants & trainers
scaled agile framework training
scrum at scale training
scaled agile framework®safe fellowgetting started with safe®safe® agile refreshsafe® executive briefingagile release train quickstartscaled agile framework® training
safe fellow
getting started with safe®
safe® agile refresh
safe® executive briefing
agile release train quickstart
scaled agile framework® training
essence
use cases
connect with us
facebook
linkedin
youtube
vimeo
twitter
mail
privacy | terms & conditions | manage communication preferencescreating winning teams.
