all boards
my boards
all boards
choose the preview option
favorites
you haven't added content to this board yet
welcome to jacobs
challenging today. reinventing tomorrow.
life at jacobs
jacobs. a world where you can.
climate response
as a purpose-led company, we know we have a pivotal role to play in addressing the climateemergency. we consider this not only good business, but our duty to channel our technology-enabledexpertise and capabilities toward benefitting people and the planet.
data solutions
as our clients navigate the digital transformation and growing cyber risks, we have positioned ourselves at the forefront of this growth, adding digital capabilities, products and tools to serve a growing set of customers.
a q&a with...
sit down with our visionary team of thinkers, dreamers and doers to see what a day in the life is like.
space exploration
for more than 70 years, our teams have provided integrated solutions to help solve the most complex and hazardous challenges of space exploration. we invent by imagining what’s possible.
consulting & advisory
together with our visionary partner, pa consulting, we're establishing our position in high end advisory services, creating a springboard to expand in high value offerings beyond the core.
resilient environments
the only certainty about the future is uncertainty. resilience is an attribute of a smarter planet, and requires planning and adapting ahead of potential threats. we help our clients survive, recover, adapt and thrive.
thriving cities
prosperous communities. healthy cities. a brighter future. we live and play in the places where we work, so we’re personally invested in the impact, outcomes and promise we deliver.
health system resilience
now more than ever, we appreciate the hard work, sacrifice and dedication of the medical profession in ensuring the health and safety of our communities.
about          who we arecompany overviewwhat we care aboutethics & conductinclusion & diversityinnovationsafety, security & environmentsustainability
solutions & products          solutionsour accelerators & marketsproductsour products & technologies
newsroom
investors
careers
locations
contact us
accessibility settings
stop animationsactivating this feature will stop all interaction and design based motions and animations on the site for the duration of your visit.
stop animations
activating this feature will stop all interaction and design based motions and animations on the site for the duration of your visit.
reading maskactivating this feature will create a focus area on the screen that will follow your mouse to eliminate distractions.
reading mask
activating this feature will create a focus area on the screen that will follow your mouse to eliminate distractions.
privacy statement & terms of use
we respect your privacy; please help protect our assets




save to favoritessaveremoveshare with your friends






our identity and role
thank you for visiting our website.  jacobs engineering group inc. and its global subsidiaries and affiliates, (“jacobs” or “we”) is strongly committed to protecting the privacy of users (“you” or “your”) visiting jacobs.com (“website” or “service”).
we provide engineering services, architectural design services, planning consulting, and other engineering related services for a wide variety of industries including: petroleum, chemical, refining, mining and minerals, fertilizer, pharmaceutical, and other markets.
we act as controllers of your personal data in the areas and context covered by this privacy statement. our contact details are set out at the end of this privacy statement.
privacy
we created this privacy statement to tell you how we use your personal data, i.e. any piece of information that relates directly or indirectly to you and warrants protection under local privacy laws, including the european general data protection regulations (eu) 2016/679 (gdpr). it is important to us that you understand how we will treat your personal data and that you are aware of your rights.
“personal data” means information which can be used to identify, directly or indirectly, a particular individual, but does not include data that is de-identified, anonymous, or publicly available.
what personal data do we collect? why? how?
jacobs may collect:
information about your visits to and use of this website, as explained in section “website usage data & cookies” below;
your email address and other necessary contact information for alerts and newsletters from jacobs, as explained in section “alerts & newsletters”;
your email address and other necessary contact information in the contact forms you fill out to communicate with jacobs, as explained in section “contact forms”;
information included in job applications you submit online, as explained in section “job applicants”.
personal data is collected when you establish an account with our website, after having declared your consent, when you sign up on our website services to ensure user authentication and enable our website to perform the functions you choose.
personal data is also collected when you just communicate with us or when you visit our website.
in addition to the purposes stipulated in this privacy statement, and only to the extent this is explicitly allowed by law or such an obligation is imposed on jacobs by law, we may use your personal data for further purposes under the conditions laid down in local relevant legislation. in any case, jacobs shall observe transparency and the rest of the principles for lawful processing of your personal data.
website usage data & cookies
jacobs may collect information how the website is accessed and used ("usage data"). this usage data may include information such as your computer's internet protocol address (e.g. ip address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.
we may use such information to provide and maintain the website, notify you about changes to our service, allow you to participate in interactive features of our service of the website when you choose to do so, provide customer care and support of the website, provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the service, monitor the usage of the service, and detect, prevent and address technical issues of the website.
these purposes also represent our legitimate interests to administer this website, improve its usability, and improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website.
jacobs also uses cookies on the website. please read our jacobs cookies policy and, where relevant, find out how to withdraw your consent to our use of cookies at any time.
alerts & newsletters
we gather and process information when you subscribe to our press release option. this information is used to send you the press releases, as per your requests and after having obtained your consent to receiving such press releases.
to the extent allowed by law, we further use this information to pursue our legitimate interests, in particular for direct marketing purposes regarding similar products and services.
contact forms
we gather and process information when you fill out contact forms to communicate with jacobs, after having obtained your consent. this information is used to send you replies to your queries and provide you, to the extent possible, with any help or guidance requested.
where relevant, in particular if you are a supplier or customer of jacobs, we may also use this information to perform our obligations and pursue our rights under the contract entered into by you and us, including in the context of any legal proceedings if necessary. such information is also collected and treated at the stage prior to concluding any contract as a follow-up to you placing an order or making any other relevant inquiry. failure to provide us with such information may prevent us from smoothly performing our obligations in the context of an existing or future contractual relation.
where relevant, in particular if you are a user of jacobs products or services, we may also use this information to comply with our relevant legal obligations, such as under the legislation regulating product liability.
job applicants
we collect and use information you provide us with when submitting online applications for job vacancies or otherwise when you express your interest to join our team. in such case your personal data will be processed in accordance with the separate jacobs recruitment privacy notice and recruitment terms of use.
if you are selected for an opening, your personal data shall be further processed in accordance with the separate employee privacy policy enacted by jacobs at the point of your onboarding.
sharing your personal data?
without prejudice to any disclosure of information made compulsory by competent authorities and only to the extent such disclosure is required by law, personal data you provide to jacobs may be shared, consistent with applicable law and in accordance with the purposes each time served, as follows:
with jacobs departments, including representatives and employees, as necessary. for instance, personal data of newsletters subscribers shall be shared with jacobs teams that are responsible for marketing. usage data shall be processed by jacobs department that is responsible for our it functions.
with affiliates and subsidiaries of jacobs. please note that jacobs has a legitimate interest in transmitting your personal data within the group of affiliated companies for internal administrative purposes and to better serve the rest of the purposes stipulated in this privacy statement.
with third parties and third-party business providers that provide services to jacobs, such as companies that provide services for employee recruitment, it-related services, or marketing-related services.
with a third party in the event of a sale, merger, reorganization, or other transaction involving part or all of jacobs.
with law enforcement agencies if required by law and under the relevant safeguards for the protection of your fundamental rights, in particular where jacobs reasonably believes unlawful activities, fraud, or bodily injury or death have occurred or the personal data may aid an ongoing investigation.
all service providers to jacobs will use personal data only for the purposes identified in this notice and will provide services under a contract which restricts use of information to that which is necessary to perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements.
because jacobs operates globally with locations in many different countries, we may transfer your information from one legal entity to another or from one country to another in order to accomplish purposes listed in this notice. we will transfer your personal data in a manner that is consistent with applicable legal requirements.  where applicable with regard to eu applicants, jacobs uses the european union adequacy method of model contract clauses.
security
the security of your personal data is important to us. we shall implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure the protection of your privacy and a level of security appropriate to the risks entailed in any processing operation. however, we note that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. whilst we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we underline that we shall have no liability for events for which we are not responsible.
links to other websites
the website contains hyperlinks to non-jacobs sites that may be of interest to users. jacobs does not control or monitor the privacy, accuracy, quality, or integrity of those sites. you should check the privacy notice and policies of each website you visit. links to third-party sites are provided solely for your convenience, and any use or submission of data to such sites shall be at your sole risk.
how long does jacobs keep personal data
jacobs limits the use of personal data to ways that are compatible and relevant to the purposes for which the personal data was collected or subsequently authorized or for which a specific legal basis was used such as legitimate interests, consent, performance of contract, compliance with a legal obligation or otherwise. jacobs will take reasonable steps to ensure that personal data is reliable for its intended use and that the information is accurate, complete, and current.
personal data is retained as needed to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. in addition, personal data is also retained in accordance with legal, regulatory, and contractual requirements and in accordance with jacobs' retention schedule. in particular, without prejudice to your rights explained in the following section, we will keep your personal data, as follows:
information about your visits to and use of this website shall be kept only for as long as your use of this website.
information from your subscription to our website and newsletter lists shall be kept until you retract the consent you provide to send these to you, under newsletters above. we may contact you on a regular basis to seek for the renewal of your approval of us keeping such information.
where relevant, information pertinent to transactions between you and us shall be stored throughout the lifecycle of the transactions concerned and for as long as is necessary for the pursuit of legal claims or required by local law, including amongst others tax legislation.
intellectual property
the information on this website, including all design, text, images, white papers, press releases, and other information, is protected under united states and other copyright laws and is owned by jacobs engineering group, inc. or is used under license from the copyright owner. the information may not be copied, downloaded, reproduced, re-posted, transmitted, displayed, distributed, rented, sublicensed, altered, stored for subsequent use, or otherwise used in whole or in part in any manner without jacobs' prior written consent, except to the extent that such use is authorized under the united states copyright laws.
jacobs' logos, trademarks, service marks, and images used on this site are the property of jacobs engineering group inc., and may not be used without permission from jacobs and then only with proper acknowledgment. please contact us to ask for permission.
disclaimer
while jacobs attempts to ensure that only accurate information is presented on this website, we assume no responsibility for, and make no representations with respect to, the accuracy of any information presented here. therefore, all materials and information are presented "as is," and jacobs expressly disclaims any implied or expressed warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property relating to such material. in no event, shall jacobs be liable for any damages whatsoever arising from or related to your access to, or use of, our website or the information or material presented herein.
your rights
you have a right to inquire about the personal data jacobs holds about you. you have the right at any time to ask access to your personal data. in addition to this, you can object to our processing of your personal data, and request correction, amendment, deletion or restriction of the processing of your personal data and data portability.
if you want to exercise one or more of your rights, you can download and complete a data subject request form and submit it to privacy@jacobs.com.
if you are unhappy with how we’ve handled your personal data, please contact jacobs at privacy@jacobs.com.
if you’re not satisfied with our response to your complaint or believe our processing of your personal data does not comply with data protection law, you can make a complaint to the data protection authority in the country where you usually reside, your country of work or the country of alleged infringement.
for eu residents, you can find your local authority here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm. jacobs does not control and cannot be responsible for the content or privacy practices of this website link.
changes to this privacy statement
jacobs may make changes to this privacy statement. notification of changes will be posted on this page. you should review this privacy statement periodically to keep up to date on our most current policies and practices. this privacy statement was last updated on may 25th 2018.
contact us
if you have any comments or questions or if there are other things we can do to maximize the value of this website to you, please contact us. if you have questions about jacobs’ privacy practices generally, or wish to report a violation of the provisions of this statement, please contact our privacy team at privacy@jacobs.com or write to the following address:
jacobsglobal privacy officer1999 bryan street, suite 1200dallas, texas 75201united states
useful links
useful links
about us
careers
solutions
investors
locations
other resources
other resources
modern slavery act statement
government contracts
suppliers
company store
file transfer





-
