productsfusion remotefusion arfusion inspect
fusion remote
fusion ar
fusion inspect
supportfaqdownload manuals
faq
download manuals
partners
companyteamcontact uscareers
team
contact us
careers
news
productsfusion remotefusion arfusion inspect
fusion remote
fusion ar
fusion inspect
supportfaqdownload manuals
faq
download manuals
partners
companyteamcontact uscareers
team
contact us
careers
news
jujotech privacy policy
last revised and effective date: january 8, 2020
jujo inc. (“jujotech”) is committed to protecting your privacy and ensuring you have a positive experience on our website and in using our products and services (collectively, “products”). this policy covers the jujotech website jujotech.com, mobile applications, desktop clients, and server-side bot and applications and is applicable worldwide. this policy outlines our handling practices and how we collect and use the personal data you provide during your online and offline interactions with us and with our website and products. as used in this privacy policy, “personal data” means any information that can be used to individually identify a person, and may include, but is not limited to, name, email address, postal or other physical address, title, and other personally identifiable information.
if you reside in the european union (“eu”), united kingdom, lichtenstein, norway, iceland or switzerland, you may have additional rights with respect to your personal data, as further outlined below. these rights may include rights under the eu’s general data protection regulation (“gdpr”), if you are a resident of the eu, united kingdom, lichtenstein, norway or iceland.
jujo, inc. will be the controller of your personal data that is provided, collected and/or processed pursuant to this privacy policy in order to, for example, respond to requests for information or service, conclude a business transaction, provision the service, or otherwise for jujotech’s business purposes. jujotech will be a processor of data that is entered into the service when a customer uses the services (see “user-generated information”, below.). if you have any questions about whether any of foregoing applies to you, please contact us using the information set forth in the “contact us” section below.
this policy may be updated from time to time for reasons such as operational practices or regulatory changes, so we recommend that you review our privacy policy when returning to our website. if we propose to make any material changes, we will notify you by means of a notice on this page prior to the change becoming effective. we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.
collection of your personal data
we may collect, either as controller or processor, the following categories of personal data about you when you use or otherwise interact with our service:
name
title
email address
home/work/mobile telephone number
postal or other physical address
ip addresses and other information collected passively, as further detailed in the “passive collection” section below
device identifiers, as further described in the “mobile application” section below
our servers automatically record certain information when you use the service, including your ip address, operating system type and version, client version, ip addresses along the network path, and the mac address of your internet connection (“host information”)
we also automatically record information about your usage of the service, including date and time, quantity, quality, network connectivity, contacts, and other feature usage information (“usage information”)
other information you upload, provide, or create while using the service (“user-generated information”), as further detailed in the “user generated information” section below
additional information on the categories of personal data collected and/or shared for california residents can be found here.
user-generated information
we collect and retain, generally as a processor and in order to provide the services, personal data and other information you upload, provide, or create while using the service (“user-generated information”), including information related to:
meetings: meeting title, invitation content, participants, meeting link, date, time and duration.
messages: message content, sender and recipients, date, and time. content shared: files and file names, sizes, and types
status: status information, for example about whether and when you are active, out of office, or have turned on busy. you can choose whether or not to share status information with other users.
all messages and content you share in a meeting, including personal data about you or others, will be available to all other participants in that meeting.
if you share a meeting link with another user who is not already in the meeting, when that user tries to join the meeting he or she will be able to see the list of other users in the meeting, as well as other invitees joining the meeting.
passive collection
jujotech and our third-party service providers automatically collect some information about you when you use our products, using methods such as cookies and tracking technologies (further described below). information automatically collected includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), referring/exit pages, the files viewed on our site (e.g., html pages, graphics, etc.), operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data to analyze trends in the aggregate and administer the website and/or products.
in addition, when you use some of our products, network information is transmitted back to us such as product usage information. this information is transmitted back to us, so we can determine how users are interacting with our products, to assist us with improving our products, and to correct any problems that may occur.
mobile application
when you download and use our products, we automatically collect information on the type of device you use, operating system version, and the device identifier (or “udid”). we send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any events or promotions that we may be running. if you no longer wish to receive these types of communications, you can turn them off at the device level. to ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.
processing of your personal data
we will use your personal data only in accordance with our privacy policy. if you do not wish us to continue using your personal data in this manner, you can request that your account be deactivated by contacting us as specified in the “contact us” section.
we will only process your personal data if we have a lawful basis for doing so. lawful bases for processing include consent, contractual necessity (i.e. processing that is necessary for the performance of a contract with you, such as your user agreement with us that allows us to provide you with the products) and our “legitimate interests” or the legitimate interest of others (e.g. our users),
we process personal data when you use our website, desktop client and mobile applications to use or sign-up to use our service for purposes such as:
account configuration
account maintenance
personalizing, improving or operating our service and business
fulfilling requests you make related to the service
protecting, investigating and deterring against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized or illegal activity
providing reports based on information collected from use of our service
providing support and assistance for our service
providing the ability to create personal profile areas and view protected content
providing customer feedback and support
complying with our contractual and legal obligations, resolving disputes with users, enforcing our agreements
we process personal data when you visit our website to:
to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, software upgrades, system enhancements, special offers, and other information
to provide customer feedback and support (jujotech.com/support)
to provide and administer opt-in contests, marketing or promotional activities on the jujotech.com or affiliate websites
providing you with information and offers from us or third parties
to the extent you choose to participate, to conduct questionnaires and surveys in order to provide better products and services to our customers and end users
to support recruitment inquiries (jujotech.com/careers)
to personalize marketing communications and website content based on your preferences, such as in response to your request for specific information on products and services that may be of interest
although the sections above describe our primary purpose in collecting your personal data, in many situations we have more than one purpose.  as a result, our collection and processing of your personal data are based in different contexts upon your consent, our need to perform a contract, our obligations under law, and/or our general interest in conducting our business.
referrals
if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our products, you represent that you have their consent to provide us your friend’s name and email address. we will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting him or her to visit the website. unless we are authorized by your friend, we will only use your friend’s name and email address for the purposes of sending this one-time email and maintaining an activity log of our referral program.
choice
you can choose whether to provide personal data to jujotech, but note that you may be unable to access certain options, offers, and services if they require personal data that you have not provided. you can sign-up, and therefore consent, to receive email or newsletter communications from us. if you would like to discontinue receiving these communications, you can update your preferences by using the “unsubscribe” link found in such emails or by contacting us using the information in the “contact us” section of this policy.
data subject rights
you have certain rights with respect to your personal data as set forth below. please note that in some circumstances, we may not be able to fully comply with your requests, or we may ask you to provide us with additional information in connection with your request, which may be personal data, for example, if we need to verify your identity or the nature of your request. in such situations, however, we will still respond to let you know of our decision.
to make any of the following requests, contact us using the contact details referred to in the “contact us” section of this policy.
access: you can request more information about the personal data we hold about you. you can also request a copy of the personal data. note, as discussed below, california residents may be entitled to ask us for a notice describing what categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for direct marketing.
rectification: if you believe that any personal data we are holding about you is incorrect or incomplete, you can request that we correct or supplement such data. you can also correct some of this information directly by logging into your service account. please contact us as soon as possible upon noticing any such inaccuracy or incompleteness.
objection: you can contact us to let us know that you object to the collection or use of your personal data for certain purposes.
erasure: you can request that we erase some or all of your personal data from our systems. data subjects who want their data deleted can do so by deactivating their account. deactivation will delete all account usage and related information. if you are not a zoom customer and would like your data deleted, please contact the data controller directly about deleting information. if required by law we will grant a request to delete information, but you should note that in many situations we must keep your personal information to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or for another one of our business purposes.
restriction of processing: you can ask us to restrict further processing of your personal data.
portability: you have the right to ask for a copy of your personal data in a machine-readable format. you can also request that we transmit the data to another entity where technically feasible.
withdrawal of consent: if we are processing your personal data based on your consent (as indicated at the time of collection of such data), you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. please note, however, that if you exercise this right, you may have to then provide express consent on a case-by-case basis for the use or disclosure of certain of your personal data, if such use or disclosure is necessary to enable you to utilize some or all of our products.
right to file complaint: you have the right to lodge a complaint about jujotech’s practices with respect to your personal data with the supervisory authority of your country or eu member state.
under certain circumstances we will not be able to fulfill your request, such as if it interferes with our regulatory obligations, affects legal matters, we cannot verify your identity, or it involves disproportionate cost or effort, but in any event we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe and provide you an explanation. in order to make such a request of us, please contact our privacy team at privacy@jujotech.com.
california civil code sections 1798.115(c), 1798.130(a)(5)(c), 1798.130(c), and 1798.140 indicate that organizations should disclose whether certain categories of information are collected, “sold” or transferred for an organization’s “business purpose”(as those terms are defined under california law).  you can find a list of the categories of information that we collect and share here. please note that because this list is comprehensive it may refer to types of information that we share about people other than yourself. if you would like more information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties or affiliates for those parties to use for direct marketing please submit an email to privacy@amperity.com with “privacy policy” in the subject line or submit a written request to us using the information in the “contact information” section below.  we do not discriminate against california residents who exercise any of their rights described in this privacy policy.
data retention
how long we retain your personal data depends on the type of data and the purpose for which we process the data. we will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
cookies and tracking technologies
jujotech and our partners use cookies or similar technologies to analyze trends, administer the website, track users’ movements around the website, and gather information about our user base, such as location information based on ip addresses. users can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. for more information regarding cookies or similar technologies, please review our cookie policy which you can find here.
your browser may offer you a “do not track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioral advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and across different websites. our products do not support do not track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the products and after you leave our properties.
geolocation
we collect information about where you are located when you are using our products. we use this information for purposes such as supporting compliance and suggesting customizations to your experience with our products (e.g. your language preference).
sharing your personal data
we do not sell or rent your personal data to third parties for any purposes, including marketing. this website is not directed towards children. accordingly, we do not knowingly collect or share the personal data of minors under the age of 16 without authorization for any purposes, including marketing.
we share personal data within jujotech and its affiliated companies, and with third party service providers for purposes of data processing or storage.
we also share personal data with business partners, service vendors and/or authorized third-party agents or contractors in order to provide requested products or transactions, including processing orders, processing credit card transactions, hosting websites, hosting event and seminar registration and providing customer support. we provide these third parties with personal to complete/utilize the requested product or transaction.
in some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. in these types of transactions, user information is typically one of the transferred business assets. moreover, if we, or substantially all of our assets, were acquired, or if we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. you acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of us or our assets may continue to use your personal data as set forth in this policy. as required by law, we may respond to subpoenas, court orders, or similar legal process by disclosing your personal data and other related information, if necessary. we also may use personal data and other related information to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
we collect and possibly share personal data and any other additional information available to us in order to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, violations of zoom’s terms of service, or as otherwise required by law. we may ask if you would like us to share your personal data with other unaffiliated third parties who are not described elsewhere in this policy.
while navigating jujotech’s website or products, you may be directed to content or functionality that is hosted by a third-party. when information is collected on behalf of jujotech exclusively, jujotech’s privacy policy will be referenced and will govern how your information is used. for other, non-jujotech sites or services, the site/service owner’s privacy policy will be referenced. you should review such third party’s privacy and security policies prior to use.
security of your personal data
jujotech is committed to protecting the personal data you share with us. we utilize a combination of industry-standard security technologies, procedures, and organizational measures to help protect your personal data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. when we transfer credit card information over the internet, we protect it using transport layer security (tls) encryption technology.
we recommend you take every precaution in protecting your personal data when you are on the internet. for example, change your passwords often, use a combination of upper and lower-case letters, numbers, and symbols when creating passwords, and make sure you use a secure browser. in the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal data we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by telephone, if permitted to do so by law. if you have any questions about the security of your personal data, you can contact us at privacy@jujotech.com.
linked websites and third-party services
our websites and services may provide links to other third-party websites and services which are outside our control and not covered by this policy. we encourage you to review the privacy policies posted on these (and all) sites you visit or services you use.
newsgroups/forums
if you participate in a jujoterch discussion forum or chat room, you should be aware that the information you provide there will be made broadly available to others, potentially inside or outside jujotech, who have access to that discussion forum or chat room. also, please recognize that individual forums and chat rooms may have additional rules and conditions. each participant’s opinion on a forum or chat room is his or her own and should not be considered as reflecting the opinion of jujotech.
transfer and storage of personal data
our products are hosted and operated in the united states (“u.s.”) through jujotech and its service providers. we may transfer your personal data to the u.s., to any jujotech affiliate worldwide, or to third parties acting on our behalf for the purposes of processing or storage. by using any of our products or providing any personal data for any of the purposes stated above, you consent to the transfer and storage of your personal data, whether provided by you or obtained through a third party, to the u.s. as set forth herein, including the hosting of such personal data on u.s. servers.
standard contractual clausesin certain cases, jujotech will transfer personal data from the eu in accordance with the european commission-approved standard contractual clauses, a copy of which can be obtained at https://eur-lex.europa.eu/legal-content/en/txt/?uri=celex%3a32010d0087.
accessibility
this privacy policy may be accessed through audio readers or in a print form by clicking here.
authorized agent
you may use an authorized agent to submit a request to access your information, delete your information, or opt out of the sale of your information. to designate an agent for these purposes:
you must provide us with a copy of a written and signed permission given to your authorized agent; and
you must verify your own identity directly with us.
contact us
to address your individual rights or if you have any privacy-related questions or comments related to this privacy policy, please send an email to privacy@jujotech.com.
you can also contact us by writing to this address:
jujo inc.
attention: data privacy officer
1023 walnut st suite 100
boulder, co 80302
california privacy rights: under california civil code sections 1798.83-1798.84, california residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal customer information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes, and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties. if you are a california resident and would like a copy of this notice, please submit a written request the address above.
if you reside in the eu, united kingdom, lichtenstein, norway or iceland, you can also contact our data protection officer.
quick find
products
fusion remote
fusion ar
fusion inspect
faq
downloads
company
blog
partners
team
contact us
careers
request a demo
info@jujotech.com | privacy | terms  |  cookies | california privacy
copyright © 2022 jujo, inc. | 1023 walnut st., suite 100, boulder, co 80302 | 44 tehama st, san francisco, ca 94105
all trademarks are the property of their respective owners.
request a demo today!
support ticket request
please fill all (*) required fields before sending
please fill all required fields before sending
