home
productsesim bundlessim card bundleslifetime world sim cardlifetime europe sim cardgofi sim cardhotspot bundleslifetime world hotspotlifetime europe hotspotgofi hotspot
esim bundles
sim card bundleslifetime world sim cardlifetime europe sim cardgofi sim card
hotspot bundleslifetime world hotspotlifetime europe hotspotgofi hotspot
plans
coverage
0
home
productsesim bundlessim card bundleslifetime world sim cardlifetime europe sim cardgofi sim cardhotspot bundleslifetime world hotspotlifetime europe hotspotgofi hotspot
esim bundles
sim card bundleslifetime world sim cardlifetime europe sim cardgofi sim card
hotspot bundleslifetime world hotspotlifetime europe hotspotgofi hotspot
plans
coverage
esim white label
activate
my account
0
privacy policy
this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'personally identifiable information' (pii) is being used online. pii, as used in us privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website.
what personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, mailing address, phone number, credit card information, or other details to help you with your experience.
when do we collect information?
we collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
how do we use your information?
we may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
to personalize user's experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
to improve our website in order to better serve you.
to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
to quickly process your transactions.
to send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
how do we protect visitor information?
we do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to pci standards.
we use regular malware scanning.
your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. in addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology.
we implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
all payment transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
what are your data protection rights according to the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr)?
the right to access. you have the right to request the keepgo for copies of your personal data.
the right to erasure. you have the right to request that the keepgo erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
the right to restrict processing. you have the right to request that the keepgo restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
the right to object to processing. you have the right to object to the keepgo’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
if you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: support@keepgo.com
should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that the keepgo has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the information commissioner’s office - https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us
do we use 'cookies'?
yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
we use cookies to:
help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may also use trusted third party services that track this information on our behalf.
you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser (like internet explorer) settings. each browser is a little different, so look at your browser's help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
if you disable cookies, some features will be disabled that make your site experience more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.
however, you can still place orders.
third party disclosure
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide you with advance notice. this does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or servicing you, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property, or safety.   however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
third party links
we do not include or offer third party products or services on our website.
google
google's advertising requirements can be summed up by google's advertising principles. they are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
we use google adsense advertising on our website.
google, as a third party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. google's use of the dart cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on their visit to our site and other sites on the internet. users may opt out of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the google ad and content network privacy policy.
we have implemented the following:
remarketing with google adsense
google display network impression reporting
demographics and interests reporting
doubleclick platform integration
we along with third-party vendors, such as google use first-party cookies (such as the google analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the doubleclick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions, and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
opting out: users can set preferences for how google advertises to you using the google ad settings page. alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the network advertising initiative opt out page or permanently using the google analytics opt out browser add on.
california online privacy protection act
caloppa is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. the law's reach stretches well beyond california to require a person or company in the united states (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from california consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals with whom it is being shared, and to comply with this policy. - see more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0fdrbt51.dpuf
according to caloppa we agree to the following:
users can visit our site anonymously
once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page, or as a minimum on the first significant page after entering our website.
our privacy policy link includes the word 'privacy', and can be easily be found on the page specified above.
users will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
on our privacy policy page
users are able to change their personal information:
by emailing us
by calling us
by chatting with us or sending us a ticket
how does our site handle do not track signals?
we honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a do not track (dnt) browser mechanism is in place.
does our site allow third party behavioral tracking?
it's also important to note that we allow third party behavioral tracking
coppa (children online privacy protection act)
when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under 13, the children's online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control. the federal trade commission, the nation's consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
we do not specifically market to children under 13.
fair information practices
the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
in order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
we will notify the users via email
within 1 business day
we will notify the users via in site notification
within 1 business day
we also agree to the individual redress principle, which requires that individuals have a right to pursue legally enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or a government agency to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
can spam act
the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
we collect your email address in order to:
send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions.
process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders
we may also send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred
to be in accordance with canspam we agree to the following:
not use false, or misleading subjects or email addresses
identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way
include the physical address of our business or site headquarters
monitor third party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly
allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email
if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
follow the instructions at the bottom of each email and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
contacting us
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.
support@keepgo.com
+1 (832) 998-87-53
last edited on 2018-11-06
keepgo is a leading developer of global connectivity solutions for iot, m2m and broadband devices. utilizing physical sim cards and virtual sim card specifications, keepgo solutions connect hundreds of thousands of devices on 500 cellular networks in 100+ countries
keepgo is a leading developer of global connectivity solutions for iot, m2m and broadband devices. utilizing physical sim cards and virtual sim card specifications, keepgo solutions connect hundreds of thousands of devices on 500 cellular networks in 100+ countries
quick links                                home                          data refill                          general faq                          free shipping                          europe data sim                          referral program
home
data refill
general faq
free shipping
europe data sim
referral program
company                                about us                          press                          blog                          contact us
about us
press
blog
contact us
for businesses                                api sim card                          falcon sim card
api sim card
falcon sim card
support@keepgo.com
©keepgo. all rights reserved. 2012-2022
all trademarks besides keepgo belong to their respective owners.
terms & conditions           |   refund policy           |   privacy policy
