productsgo                      backnew productscapacitorsemccircuit protectioninductorssensorspiezoelectric devicesrelaystransformersengineering kitsgo backsee all capacitorsceramicpolymertantalumaluminumfilmsupercapacitorsgo backsee all emc componentsac chokesdc chokesemi coresferrite beadsflex suppressoremi/rfi filterspulse transformersferrite materialsgo backsee all circuit protectiongas discharge tubes by yageopptc thermistors by yageotvs diodes by yageovaristors
new products
capacitors
emc
circuit protection
inductors
sensors
piezoelectric devices
relays
transformers
engineering kits
ceramic
polymer
tantalum
aluminum
film
supercapacitors
ac chokes
dc chokes
emi cores
ferrite beads
flex suppressor
emi/rfi filters
pulse transformers
ferrite materials
gas discharge tubes by yageo
pptc thermistors by yageo
tvs diodes by yageo
varistors
applicationsgo backindustry applicationsautomotive defense and aerospace industrial telecommunications computing consumer medical technology applicationsfiltering sensing energy storage power conversion haptic technology
automotive
defense and aerospace
industrial
telecommunications
computing
consumer
medical
filtering
sensing
energy storage
power conversion
haptic technology
design analysis toolsgo backoverview k-sim capacitor analysis k-sim film lifetime analysis k-sim inductor analysis k-sim ceramics aging analysis aluminum electrolytic lifetime analysis fit & mtbf/mttf analysis
overview
k-sim capacitor analysis
k-sim film lifetime analysis
k-sim inductor analysis
k-sim ceramics aging analysis
aluminum electrolytic lifetime analysis
fit & mtbf/mttf analysis
resourcesgo backcomponentedge technical resources on-demand webinars join the kemet circuit!
componentedge
technical resources
on-demand webinars
join the kemet circuit!
supportgo backhelp and supportsupport center contact us partner hub compliance and qualityrohs documents supply management quality documents and certificates
support center
contact us
partner hub
rohs documents
supply management
quality documents and certificates
aboutgo backyageo corp. kemet overview sustainability tokin careers marketing assets events signup for kemet email
yageo corp.
kemet overview
sustainability
tokin
careers
marketing assets
events
signup for kemet email
partner hub
where to buy
partner hub
where to buy
partner hub
where to buyfind a distributorfind a sales office
find a distributor
find a sales office
home
privacy policy
privacy policy
policy
jump to section
personal information we collect about you
how we use your personal information
how we share your personal information
international data transfers
security
third party links
data retention
information submitted by children
cookies and other tracking technologies
do not track
using mobile and other devices
email communications
additional information for the united kingdom and the eu/eea
your california privacy rights
changes to our privacy policy
how to contact us
what's new?
effective date: december 10, 2021
your privacy is important to us
​​kemet is committed to respecting your privacy and managing your personal information fairly and safely.  this privacy policy applies to kemet websites, mobile apps, community discussion forums, social media pages, etc. (collectively, the “sites”) and describes why and how we may process your personal information and data (collectively, “personal information”) when you visit our sites or when you have a business relationship with us. by using the sites, you accept and agree to the terms of this privacy policy.  if you do not agree to this privacy policy, please do not use the sites or submit personal information to us.this privacy policy applies where kemet, and our affiliated entities, act as data controllers with respect to the personal information of our employees, customers, distributors, resellers, suppliers, and users of our sites.  kemet acts as a data controller when we determine the purposes and means of personal information processing.
personal information we collect about you
in this privacy policy, personal information means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual. examples of personal information include name, email address, ip address, and phone number.  we may collect personal information about you including, but not limited to:
name
title
e-mail address
postal address (including billing and shipping address)
geolocation information
telephone number
ip address
unique personal identifier or customer number
online moniker or alias
fax number
bank account information
kemet account number
credit or debit card number
kemet may collect your personal information:
when you provide personal information to us directly, including when you:  establish or maintain an account as an individual or on behalf of your employerregister for our products and servicesapply for employment at kemetpost comments to online communitiesparticipate in a survey, marketing promotion, sweepstakes, or contestregister and participate at events, webinars, and tradeshowsconnect with us via social media
establish or maintain an account as an individual or on behalf of your employer
register for our products and services
apply for employment at kemet
post comments to online communities
participate in a survey, marketing promotion, sweepstakes, or contest
register and participate at events, webinars, and tradeshows
connect with us via social media
through our business partners, distributors, resellers, and suppliers
when you communicate with us by telephone, email, chat, etc.
from other third parties, including, advertisers, data partners, marketing partners, and publicly available sources such as social media networks
through other online and offline sources, such as public databases.  we may combine personal information from online and offline sources and use this combined information in accordance with this privacy policy.  we are not responsible for the accuracy of the information obtained from third parties.
our agents, vendors, consultants and service providers (collectively, “service providers”), as well as kemet and third parties, may collect personal information automatically when you use the sites.  personal information that may be collected automatically includes, but is not limited to:
ip addresses
browser type, access time, and referring website addresses
the pages you view and the actions you take when visiting the sites
information about whether you opened or clicked on a link in an e-mail from kemet
information from a referring source such as an advertising site, a blog, a social media site, etc.
information from surveys, promotions, and contests
information from content you post, share or publicly generate on kemet discussion forums, in website comments, or on social media pages, including your name and a link to your profile, may be shared across our sites and in other public or private areas of the internet
how we use your personal information
kemet may use your personal information for the following purposes, including, but not limited to:
communications with you - to respond to your inquiries and comments, to provide you with information you request, to provide customer support, to provide employee and job applicant information.
marketing - for marketing and market research purposes, including contacting you with our newsletters, surveys and other marketing materials, analyzing our marketing activities, forecasting, developing new products, improving our websites/products/services, identifying trends, conducting market research, evaluating the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns, measuring customer satisfaction, and improving our customer service.
operating our business - to manage our everyday business needs, your account, payment and transaction processing, fulfill your requests for products/services/marketing information, product development, contract management, corporate governance, auditing and reporting.
personalizing your experience on our sites – to provide a personalized experience on our sites, such as providing you with content that may interest you and to make our sites easier for you to navigate.
protecting kemet - to ensure the security of our sites, networks, systems, and premises as well to protect kemet against fraud.
compliance - to comply with applicable legal requirements, industry standards, internal kemet policies, auditing requirements and investigations.
aggregated/de-identified information - we may aggregate and/or de-identify your personal information so that it can no longer be linked to you.  we may use and share aggregated/de-identified information for any purpose at our sole discretion.
how we share your personal information
kemet may share your personal information, including, but not limited to, the following:
as necessary: (a) to comply with legal process; (b) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (c) to enforce our terms and conditions; (d) to protect our operations, rights, privacy, safety or property and that of others; and (e) to allow us to pursue legal actions, remedies, or limit the damages that we may sustain.
with our affiliates, distributors, resellers, suppliers, etc., for business purposes. for example, to process your orders, fulfill your requests, provide customer service, and improve our products.
with our service providers who provide administrative, operational, data processing, marketing, communications, event management, website hosting, credit card processing, etc. services or who otherwise process personal information on behalf of kemet.
with our insurers and professional advisers for the purposes of managing risks, obtaining professional advice, exercising our legal rights, or defending against legal claims, etc.
with third parties in connection with or during negotiations of any reorganization, acquisition, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
international data transfers
kemet is a global business based in the united states. kemet, and our affiliated companies, have offices and facilities in bulgaria, china, finland, france, germany, hong kong, indonesia, italy, japan, macedonia, malaysia, mexico, portugal, singapore, south korea, sweden, taiwan, thailand, the united kingdom, the united states, and vietnam. we may transfer your personal information to recipients in countries whose laws may not provide the same level of data protection as your country.  when we do so, we will ensure that there are adequate safeguards in place to protect your personal information and to comply with our legal obligations.
security
we have implemented appropriate and reasonable physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to help prevent unauthorized access to, use of, and disclosure of, your personal information.  however, there is no perfect security.  we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.  you are responsible for maintaining the secrecy of any credentials used to access your account with kemet and you should report suspected unauthorized activity to us immediately.
third party links
our sites may contain links to third party websites and services that are not owned or controlled by us, including links to social media platforms.  this privacy policy applies only to personal information collected by our sites.  links to other websites or social media platforms do not constitute or imply an endorsement or recommendation by us of the content on third party sites.  third-party sites may have their own cookies, web beacons and other tracking technologies to collect information about you or ask you to provide personal information directly to them.  if you post information on a third party site that references our sites (for example, by using an @ tag or hashtag associated with kemet in a tweet or status update), your post may be used on or in connection with our sites.  in addition, both kemet and the third party may have access to certain information about you and your use of our sites as well as the third party sites.   we are not responsible for the privacy and security practices of other websites or social media platforms or the personal information they collect.  please refer to the applicable third parties’ privacy policies to understand their privacy practices and your rights.
data retention
we may retain your personal information for the periods necessary to:  (a) fulfill the purposes described in this privacy policy, (b) meet the timelines determined or recommended by regulators, professional bodies, or associations, (c) comply with applicable laws, legal holds, and other legal obligations (including contractual obligations), and (d) comply with your requests.
information submitted by children
our sites are not intended for children nor targeted to children under the age of sixteen (16).  kemet does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of sixteen (16).  if kemet learns that it possesses information from a child under the age of sixteen (16), we will delete such information in accordance with applicable law.  if you are a parent or guardian and you believe that a child under the age of sixteen (16) has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us at privacy@kemet.com.
cookies and other tracking technologies
kemet’s sites use cookies and similar technologies.  cookies are small files that a website or its service provider transfer to a user’s computer through a web browser that enables the website or service provider’s systems to recognize the user’s browser and capture and remember certain information.  in general, kemet and our third party providers and advertisers use cookies and other technologies to optimize the functionality of the sites, to help us understand how the sites are used, and to provide users with interest-based content or advertising based upon browsing activity.  if you would like to opt-out of cookies, visit www.aboutcookies.org or www.allaboutcookies.org  for further information.  these websites also tell you how to set your browser not to accept cookies and how to remove cookies from your browser. however, some of the features on our sites may not function if you remove or delete cookies.  for more information about our use of cookies, please see our cookies policy . google analytics – our sites may use google analytics to help us analyze user activity on the sites. google analytics uses cookies to generate information about your use of the sites, including your ip address, for the purpose of evaluating use of the sites, compiling reports on website activity, and providing other services relating to user activity and internet usage.  google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process information on google’s behalf.  google will not associate your ip address with other data held by google.  you may prevent google analytics from collecting your information by disabling cookies on your browser as noted above or you may opt-out of google’s use of cookies by visiting the google analytics opt-out page.  hubspot – our sites may use hubspot for our online marketing programs, including event management, email marketing, newsletters, social media activities, contact management, contact forms, etc.  hubspot uses cookies and similar technologies to track visitors to our sites and gathers demographic information about them.  this information is used to deliver customized content and promotions to users based on their interest in particular subjects, products, and services.for more information, please see hubspot’s privacy policy.for more information about how hubspot uses cookies and your options regarding cookies, please see hubspot’s cookie policy.
hotjar - our sites use hotjar.  hotjar helps us understand and analyze how visitors use the sites.  we use the information provided by hotjar to improve the sites.  hotjar may collect the following types of information from website users:
device ip address (generally captured and stored only in anonymized form)
device screen size
device type (unique device identifiers)
browser information, geographic location (country only)
preferred language used to display our website
hotjar stores the above information in a pseudonymized format.  neither hotjar nor kemet use this information to identify individual users.  in addition, neither hotjar nor kemet match or link the information with other information about users.  for more information regarding hotjar’s collection and use of information, please visit hotjar’s privacy policy here.you may opt-out of hotjar’s use of tracking cookies and collection of information related to your use of our sites by following this opt-out link.
do not track
kemet does not track its customers over time and across third party websites and therefore does not respond to, or take any action, with respect to do not track (dnt) signals.  however, some third party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you.  if you are visiting such sites, you may be able to set the dnt signal on your browser so that third parties (particularly advertisers) know you do not want to be tracked.  for more information on do not track, please visit https://allaboutdnt.com.
using mobile and other devices
when you download our apps to your mobile device or other devices, we may collect a unique identifier or information about your location.  by adjusting the privacy and security settings on your device, you can manage how your mobile device and mobile browser share information, as well as how your mobile browser handles cookies and other tracking identifiers.  please refer to instructions provided by your mobile service provider or the manufacturer of your device to learn how to adjust your settings.
email communications
if you opt-in to receiving email marketing communications from kemet, we may send you information about kemet’s products, services, events, promotions, etc.  you may unsubscribe from our marketing email by clicking the "unsubscribe" link in every marketing email we send, or by logging into your account and changing your preferences, or by sending us a request to unsubscribe at privacy@kemet.com.  if you opt-out of receiving marketing email, we may continue to send you email communications related to your account with us, including information about your transactions with kemet.  you can request that we send you marketing email by managing your preferences in your account profile, sending us an email or by contacting us by mail or telephone as detailed below in the “contact us” section. unsubscribing from our marketing email will not affect our service to you.
additional information for the united kingdom and the eu/eea
the following describes the categories of personal information that we may collect about data subjects in the united kingdom, the eu and the eea, the purposes for which we may process the personal information, and the legal bases for such processing.  in the case of personal information that we do not obtain directly from you, the source and specific categories of that data are also described:
we may process personal information related to your transactions, including purchases of goods and services that you enter into with us either as an individual or on behalf of your employer through our sites or websites linked to our sites (“transaction data”).  transaction data may include your contact details (such as company, name, email address and/or phone number), and transaction details.  transaction data is processed for the purposes of providing you with products and services and keeping records of your transactions.  the legal basis for processing transaction data is the performance of a contract between you and kemet and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into a contract.
we may process data related to an account you maintain with kemet either as an individual or on behalf of your employer (“account data”).  account data may include your name, title, email address and postal address.  the legal basis for processing account data is the performance of a contract between you and kemet and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into a contract and/or our legitimate interest in the proper administration of our sites and business.
we may process data about your use of our sites (“usage data”).  usage data may include your ip address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views and website navigation paths, as well as information about the timing, frequency and pattern of your use of our sites.  the source of the usage data may be cookies, analytics services, tracking technologies or other methods.  usage data may be processed for the purposes of analyzing and improving our sites.  the legal basis for processing is our legitimate interest in the proper administration of our sites and, where required, your consent.
we may process data about you to provide appropriate safeguards for your personal information, our sites and our it systems.  the legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in the safety, security and administration of our business.
we may process information that you provide to us when you opt-in to receiving our email marketing communications, newsletters and other email messages to keep you up to date on kemet events, news, promotions, etc. (“notification data”).  the legal basis for this processing is your consent.
we may process information contained in or relating to any communication that you send to us (“correspondence data”).  our sites use different forms for registration, feedback, subscriptions, notifications, and authentication.  each form may require different information about you such as your name, title, company, address, or e-mail address.  for example, if we need to mail or ship information or products to you, we will ask for your name, company and address.  if you ask us to notify you of changes to our sites, services, or products, we may just ask for your e-mail address.  we also may use your ip address to help diagnose problems with our servers and to administer our sites, as well as for other reasons such as site monitoring, improvement, preference settings, etc.  correspondence data may be processed for the purposes of communicating with you and recordkeeping.  the legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in the proper administration of our sites and business communications with you.
we may process your personal information where necessary to exercise our legal rights and defend against legal claims, including court proceedings, administrative matters, out-of-court procedures, investigations, or other legal matters such as an acquisition, divestiture, or merger. the legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in the protection and assertion of our legal rights and the legal rights of others.
we may process your personal information where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining insurance coverage, managing risks, or obtaining professional advice.  the legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in the protection of our business against risks.
we may process your personal information included in your personal profile on our sites (“profile data”).  this profile data may include your name, address, telephone number, business or personal email address, government or employee identification numbers, social network information, educational details, and employment details.  profile data may be processed for the purposes of providing you with products and services, communicating employee and job applicant information and administration of our business operations.  the legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in the performance of a contract between you, or your employer, and kemet and/or taking steps, at your request, to enter into such a contract.
you may have the following rights regarding your personal information:
the right to be informed
the right of access
the right to rectification
the right to erasure
the right to restrict processing
the right to data portability
the right to object to processing
rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling
contact us
to exercise your rights, please submit a request to us by:
completing the online request form available here
emailing us at privacy@kemet.com with “data subject privacy request” in the subject line
calling us at 1-844-kemetca (844-536-3822)
sending a request to:1 east broward blvd., 5th floorfort lauderdale, fl 33301 usaattention:  privacy - data subject request
we will respond to most requests within thirty (30) days of receipt.  we will contact you if an extension period is required to respond.  we may ask for additional information to verify your identity and understand your request.  there may be exceptions and limitations related to your request.  we may, for example, charge a reasonable fee or refuse to act on a request if it is manifestly unfounded or excessive, in particular because of its repetitive character.  in some situations, we may refuse to act or may impose limitations on your rights if, for instance, your request is likely to adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others, prejudice law enforcement, interfere with pending or future litigation, etc.  in all cases, you have a right to file a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority.
german data subjects:
complaints and other inquiries should be addressed to:
germanyprivacy@kemet.com
09921 807780
kemet electronics gmbhdsbextern.dehofbauerstrabe 3a94209 regengermany
your california privacy rights
the following notice applies to california consumers:
shine the light
the california “shine the light” law gives residents of california the right, under certain circumstances, to opt-out of the sharing of certain categories of personal information with third parties for third party direct marketing purposes.  kemet does not share personal information with third parties for third party marketing purposes.
california consumer privacy act
this notice applies solely to residents of the state of california who do business with us directly and/or visit our sites.  we may collect the personal information of california consumers.  personal information is defined by the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) as information that identifies, relates to, describes, references, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer, household, or device.  personal information does not include de-identified or aggregated consumer information, certain health or medical information, and publicly available information.
the following is a list of personal information that we may have collected within the past twelve (12) months:
category
examples
collected
a. identifiers.
a real name, alias, postal address, unique personal identifier, online identifier, internet protocol address, email address, account name, social security number, driver's license number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.

b. personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e)).
a name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.

c. protected classification characteristics under california or federal law.
age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth, and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).

d. commercial information.
records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.

e. biometric information.
genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, face prints and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.

f. internet or other similar network activity.
browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.

g. geolocation data.
physical location or movements.

h. sensory data.
audio, electronic, visual, thermal, or similar information.

i. professional or employment-related information.
current or past job history.

j. non-public education information (per the family educational rights and privacy act (20 u.s.c. section 1232g, 34 c.f.r. part 99)).
education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.

k. inferences drawn from other personal information.
profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.

sources of personal information
we may collect or obtain the categories of personal information listed above from the following sources:
directly from you – for example, from employment applications, other information you submit to us, or your other communications with us.
from third parties – including an employer, medical or health providers, our business partners, etc.
indirectly from you – including when you interact with our sites, our use of cookies, etc.
disclosures of personal information for a business purpose
in the preceding twelve (12) months, we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
category a: identifiers.
category b:  personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e)).
category c: protected classification characteristics under california or federal law.
category d:  commercial information.
category f: internet or other similar network activity.
category g: geolocation data.
category i: professional or employment-related information.
category j:  non-public educational information (ferpa information).
we disclose your personal information for a business purpose to the following categories of third parties:
service providers
public and government authorities
distributors, resellers, and suppliers
insurers, professional advisers
third parties in connection with or during negotiations of any reorganization, acquisition, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings)
sale of personal information
in the preceding twelve (12) months, we may have sold the following categories of personal information for a business purpose:
category a: identifiers.
category d:  commercial information.
category f: internet or other similar network activity.
category g: geolocation data.
your rights and choices
california consumers may have the following rights and choices:
access to specific information and data portability rightsyou may have the right to request that we disclose certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information.  once we receive and verify your request, we will disclose to you some or all of the following:the categories of personal information we collect about you.the categories of sources from which we collect personal information about you.our business or commercial purposes for collecting your personal information, or if applicable, information regarding the sale of your personal information.the categories of third parties with whom your personal information was shared in the past twelve (12) months.the categories of personal information shared with third parties for a business purpose.the specific pieces of personal information we collect about you, which if applicable, you may request in a portable format (also called a data portability request).
the categories of personal information we collect about you.
the categories of sources from which we collect personal information about you.
our business or commercial purposes for collecting your personal information, or if applicable, information regarding the sale of your personal information.
the categories of third parties with whom your personal information was shared in the past twelve (12) months.
the categories of personal information shared with third parties for a business purpose.
the specific pieces of personal information we collect about you, which if applicable, you may request in a portable format (also called a data portability request).
you can opt-out of the sale of your personal information by using the global privacy control (“gpc”) signal.  the gpc is a browser and plug-in setting that tells websites not to sell your personal information.  for more information regarding the gpc visit https://globalprivacycontrol.org.
deletion request rightsyou may have the right to request the deletion of your personal information.  once we receive and verify your request, we will delete your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.  we may deny your deletion request for other reasons described in the ccpa.
submitting a consumer request
to exercise your access, data portability, and deletion rights, please submit a consumer request to us by:
completing the online request form available here
emailing us at privacy@kemet.com with “ca consumer privacy request” in the subject line
calling us at 1-844-kemetca (844-536-3822)
sending a request to:kemet electronics corporation1 east broward blvd., 5th floor fort lauderdale, fl 33301usaattention:  privacy - ca consumer request
you may submit a consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. only you, or someone legally authorized to act on your behalf, may submit a consumer request related to your personal information. you may also make a consumer request on behalf of your minor child. the consumer request must:
provide the information we require to verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or to verify your authorized agent.  to designate an authorized agent, please submit a completed “ccpa authorized agent form.”  you can also contact us at privacy@kemet.com to obtain this form.
we may require personal and/or commercial identifiers, such as an email address, social security number, employee id number, or some combination of personal identifiers.  depending on the sensitivity of the information in your request, we may ask for additional information to verify your identity.
describe your request with sufficient detail and specificity so we can properly understand, evaluate, and respond to your request.  we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity.  we will use personal information provided by you only to verify your identity or authority to make the request.
request response timing and format
we will respond to most verified consumer requests within forty-five (45) days of receipt. we will contact you if an extension period is required to respond.  if we require more time, we will inform you of the reason for the extension.
our response will only cover the 12-month period preceding your request. if we cannot respond to your request, we will explain the reasons why.  if your request is for data portability, we will respond in a format that is readily useable and will allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without significant hindrance.
we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded.  if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
non-discrimination statement
you can exercise your rights under the ccpa with no fear of discrimination by us.  we will not (unless otherwise permitted by the ccpa):
deny you goods or services.
charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties.
provide you a different level or quality of goods or services.
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
changes to our privacy policy
we reserve the right to revise this privacy policy at our sole discretion at any time.  it is your responsibility to review our privacy policy each time you visit our sites or provide personal information to us as our privacy policy may have changed.
how to contact us
if you have questions about kemet’s privacy policy and practices, please contact us by:
email:  privacy@kemet.com
telephone:  1-844-kemetca (844-536-3822)
postal address:kemet electronics corporation1 east broward blvd., 5th floorfort lauderdale, fl 33301usa
what's new?
effective december 10, 2021, we updated our privacy policy to clarify the types of information we collect about you, the ways we collect your information, how we may use and share your information, and your privacy rights (where applicable).here is a summary of the changes to our privacy policy:
we will now use the term “sites” to describe our website, mobile apps, blogs, etc.
we clarify the types of personal information we collect about you and how this information is collected.
we describe how we share and use your information whether collected by our sites, or other sites.
we clarify our data transfer practices and procedures.
we clarify our data retention practices.
we detail our practices related to information submitted by children under sixteen (16) years of age.
we detail our use of cookies and other tracking technologies.
we describe our procedures related to mobile devices and other devices.
we describe our use of email marketing communications and how to opt out and/or control these communications.
we clarify how we share your information with our suppliers, third party vendors, and referring sites.
we describe our collection of personal information in the eu, eea, and united kingdom, the legal bases for processing such information, and your rights (where applicable).
we clarify our practices and procedures related to the personal information of california consumers and your rights (where applicable).
we provide updated contact information and forms for exercising privacy rights (where applicable) and for questions related to this privacy policy.
we updated our privacy policy to notify users that hotjar is now enabled on our sites.  hotjar helps us understand how visitors use and navigate the sites.
new text has been added which notifies users that they can opt out of us selling their personal information by the use of global privacy control (“gpc”) in accordance with the ccpa.  the link to the gpc website provides the necessary information for users to download and implement the functionality.
need help?support centerfind a distributorfind a sales officecontact us
productscapacitorsemccircuit protectioninductorssensorspiezo devicesrelays
about kemetcompany overviewcareerssustainability
follow us
facebook
twitter
youtube
linkedin
shape
join the kemet circuit communityenter your email and check the box below for the latest information on technology, industry trends, events, and new kemet products.
© 2022 kemet corporation. all rights reserved.  |  privacy policy  |  cookies policy  |    cookie settings  |  terms of use  |  do not sell my information  |  terms and conditions
