manufacturer & distributor of innovative electronic products
home
who we are
contact us
our international distributors
latest news
privacy policy
as to the processing of personal data in accordance with the general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) 2018
this privacypolicy sets out how keystone electronics ltd (“keystone”) uses and protects anyinformation that you give keystone when you use this website.
keystone iscommitted to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you toprovide certain information by which you can be identified when using thiswebsite, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance withthis privacy statement.
keystone maychange this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should checkthis page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. thispolicy is effective from 30 april 2018.
what we collect
we may collect the following information:
name and job title
contact informationincluding email address
demographic informationsuch as postcode, preferences and interests
other informationrelevant to customer surveys and/or offers
what wedo with the information we gather, the purposes of processing such information andtheir legal bases
operations – we may process yourpersonal data for the purposes of operating our website, the processing andfulfilment of orders, providing our services, supplying our goods, generatinginvoices, bills and other payment-related documentation, and credit control].the legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely theproper administration of our website, services and business.
publications – we may process accountdata for the purposes of publishing such data on our website and elsewherethrough our services in accordance with your express instructions. the legalbasis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the publicationof content in the ordinary course of our operations.
relationships and communications – we may processcontact data, account data, transaction data and/or communication data for thepurposes of managing our relationships, communicating with you (excludingcommunicating for the purposes of direct marketing) by email, sms, post, faxand/or telephone, providing support services and complaint handling. the legalbasis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely communicationswith our website visitors, service users, individual customers and customerpersonnel, the maintenance of relationships, and the proper administration ofour website, services and business.
direct marketing – we may process contactdata, account data and/or transaction data for the purposes of creating,targeting and sending direct marketing communications by email, sms, postand/or fax and making contact by telephone for marketing-related purposes. thelegal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely promotingour business and communicating marketing messages and offers to our websitevisitors and service users.
research and analysis – we may process usage dataand/or transaction data for the purposes of researching and analysing the useof our website and services, as well as researching and analysing otherinteractions with our business. the legal basis for this processing is ourlegitimate interests, namely monitoring, supporting, improving and securing ourwebsite, services and business generally.
record keeping – we may process yourpersonal data for the purposes of creating and maintaining our databases,back-up copies of our databases and our business records generally. the legalbasis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely ensuring that wehave access to all the information we need to properly and efficiently run ourbusiness in accordance with this policy.
security – we may process your personal data for the purposesof security and the prevention of fraud and other criminal activity. the legalbasis of this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the protection ofour website, services and business, and the protection of others.
insurance and risk management – we may processyour personal data where necessary for the purposes of obtaining or maintaininginsurance coverage, managing risks and/or obtaining professional advice. thelegal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely the properprotection of our business against risks.
legal claims – we may process yourpersonal data where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence oflegal claims, whether in court proceedings or in an administrative orout-of-court procedure. the legal basis for this processing is our legitimateinterests, namely the protection and assertion of our legal rights, your legalrights and the legal rights of others.
legal compliance and vital interests – we may alsoprocess your personal data where such processing is necessary for compliancewith a legal obligation to which we are subject or in order to protect yourvital interests or the vital interests of another natural person.
retaining and deleting personal data
personal data that we processfor any purpose or purposes shall not be kept for longer than is necessary forthat purpose or those purposes.
we will retain your personaldata, whether it be contact data, account data, transaction data, communicationdata, usage data for a minimum period of 2 years following the date of the mostrecent contact between you and us, the date of closure of the relevant account,the date of the transaction, the communication in question, or the date ofcollection and for a maximum period of 10 years following the same.
security
we are committed to ensuring that your information issecure. in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, wehave put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures tosafeguard and secure the information we collect online.
some formson our website also include a check box asking you for permission for us to addyou to our mailing list. this is an opt-in mailing list and your personalinformation will be used solely by us. under no circumstances will yourpersonal information be sold or used by any other organisation.
how we use cookies – link to google cookie policy https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies
a cookie is a small file which asks permission to beplaced on your computer’s hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and thecookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particularsite. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. theweb application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes bygathering and remembering information about your preferences.
we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages arebeing used. this helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve ourwebsite in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this informationfor statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
overall, cookies help us provide you with a betterwebsite, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you donot. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any informationabout you, other than the data you choose to share with us. youcan choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically acceptcookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies ifyou prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
links to other websites
our website may contain links to other websites ofinterest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you shouldnote that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, wecannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information whichyou provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by thisprivacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacystatement applicable to the website in question.
controlling your personal information
you may choose to restrict the collection or use of yourpersonal information in the following ways:
whenever you are askedto fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click toindicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for directmarketing purposes
if you have previouslyagreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, youmay change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at sales@keystone-electronics.co.uk
we will not sell, distribute or lease your personalinformation to third parties unless we have your permission or are required bylaw to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotionalinformation about third parties which we think you may find interesting if youtell us that you wish this to happen.
you may request details of personal information which wehold about you under the data protection act 1998. a small fee will be payable.if you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to keystoneelectronics, the colmore building, 20 colmore circus, queensway, birmingham b46at
if you believe that any information we are holding on youis incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, atthe above address. we will promptly correct any information found to beincorrect.
consent
through agreeingto this privacy notice you are consenting to keystone processing your personaldata for the purposes outlined. you can withdraw consent at any time byemailing sales@keystone-electronics.co.ukor by phoning + 44 (0) 121 262 4214 or writing to us, see last section for fullcontact details.
changesto privacy policythisprivacy policy may change from time to time inline with legislation or industrydevelopments. we will not explicitly inform our clients or website users ofthese changes. instead, we recommend that you check this page occasionally forany policy changes.
our product range:
wifi sensors
radio transmitters & receivers
pstn & gsm auto dialers
covid protection products
our international distributors
latest news
contact us:
tel: + 44 (0) 121 262 4214
tel: + 44 (0) 0121 392 9883
email: sales@keystone-electronics.co.uk
uk office:
product range:
wifi sensors
radio transmitters & receivers
pstn & gsm auto dialers
covid protection products
our international distributors
latest news
registered in england & wales no . 07652062
manufacturer and distributor of electronic covid-19 protection products, professional pstn and gsm auto dialers, a wide range of low cost 433 & 868 mhz transmitters and receivers, and a selection of stand alone wifi sensors>, smart wifi plugs and an intelligent wifi security camera
privacy policy


home
who we are
contact us
our international distributors
latest news
privacy overview
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. these cookies ensure basic functionalities and security features of the website, anonymously.
functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
performance cookies are used to understand and analyze the key performance indexes of the website which helps in delivering a better user experience for the visitors.
analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
advertisement cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized ads.
other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
