laird connectivity
productswireless modulesfind a modulewifi modules + bluetoothbluetooth modulessystem-on-moduleslorawan® solutionscellular solutionsramp ism modulesprogramming kitsiot devicesfind an iot deviceiot gatewaysiot sensorsiot starter kitsprogramming kitsinternal antennasfind an internal antennawifi & bluetoothmultiband/cellular iot and m2mnfc antennascustom antennasiot software solutionssummit suitecanvas device manager
wireless modulesfind a modulewifi modules + bluetoothbluetooth modulessystem-on-moduleslorawan® solutionscellular solutionsramp ism modulesprogramming kits
find a module
wifi modules + bluetooth
bluetooth modules
system-on-modules
lorawan® solutions
cellular solutions
ramp ism modules
programming kits
iot devicesfind an iot deviceiot gatewaysiot sensorsiot starter kitsprogramming kits
find an iot device
iot gateways
iot sensors
iot starter kits
programming kits
internal antennasfind an internal antennawifi & bluetoothmultiband/cellular iot and m2mnfc antennascustom antennas
find an internal antenna
wifi & bluetooth
multiband/cellular iot and m2m
nfc antennas
custom antennas
iot software solutionssummit suitecanvas device manager
summit suite
canvas device manager
servicesproduct developmentantenna designwearable designemc testing
product development
antenna design
wearable design
emc testing
supportfaqslongevity policy
faqs
longevity policy
resourcesnewsroomwebinarscase studieswhite papersblogvideosbrochureseventspodcast
newsroom
webinars
case studies
white papers
blog
videos
brochures
events
podcast
marketsindustrialcold chain monitoringwifi 6 and wifi 6ecommercial iot
industrial
cold chain monitoring
wifi 6 and wifi 6e
commercial iot
partnersdistributorssilicon partnerssaas partners
distributors
silicon partners
saas partners
contact
accountlog increate account
log in
create account
mobile app privacy policy
app privacy policy
this application is operated by laird connectivity, inc., a company registered in 50 s. main street, ste 1100 akron oh 44308 ("laird connectivity", "us", "we" or "our"). we are the controller of personal data collected and processed via our applications.
laird connectivity is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. this privacy policy explains what information we collect about you in connection with your use of our applications, how we use and store that information and your rights in respect of that information.  in this statement, “third parties” means persons, firms or companies which are not subsidiary or associated companies of laird connectivity.

what information do we collect?
information you give us
when you access and use our applications, and when you correspond with us, you may give us personal data about you. for example, when you communicate with us via our contact form we may receive personal data such as your name, email address, information about your employment (including your job title, responsibilities and employer's details) and preferences (e.g. regarding nature of your request), as well as other personal data you voluntarily provide to us.
in addition, when you use our applications, we will process your login information which includes your email address and password.
information we collect about you
when you use our application, including to connect to your laird connectivity device, we may collect following information:
information sent via bluetooth between the application on your device and your laird connectivity device, including device id and sensor data (e.g. temperature, humidity etc. collected via the laird connectivity device);
technical information regarding the device upon which you have installed our application, device identifier, location, operating system and platform;
crash reports detailing where the application faulted

how do we use your personal data?
we use your personal data for the following purposes:
we may use your personal data to:
how do we use personal data for this purpose?
what is the legal basis for us processing your personal data in this way?
provide you with the services via our applications
we will need to use your personal data where this is necessary for us to perform our obligations under a contract with you, for example providing you with the app.
using your personal data in this way is necessary for us to perform our contractual obligations to you.
diagnose problems with our applications
we may need to use personal data, such as mobile device type and operating system, to diagnose problems with our applications.
it is in our legitimate interests to diagnose problems with our application in order to ensure the proper functioning of our application.
comply with legal requirements and exercise or defend legal claims
we may sometimes need to process personal data to comply with legal requirements to which we are subject.
it is in our legitimate interests to process personal data for the purposes of exercising and defending legal claims. processing personal data may also be necessary to ensure compliance with our legal obligations.
process your personal data where this is necessary to keep our applications safe and secure.
we may need to process your personal data in order to keep our application safe and secure and protect against illegal or fraudulent activity such as cyber-attacks.
it is in our legitimate interests to monitor how our application is used to detect and prevent fraud, other crimes and the misuse of our application.  this helps us to ensure that you can safely use our application.

the provision of your personal data may be necessary for the purposes of entering into a contract with us or to receive the services you request, or may otherwise by voluntary. if you do not wish to provide your personal data to us, we may not be able to provide the services you request.

where we store your personal data
the personal data that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a jurisdiction outside the european economic area (eea). it may also be processed by staff operating outside the eea who work for us or for one of our service providers. we will take steps that are reasonably necessary to ensure that your personal data is treated in accordance with applicable data protection laws, including, where relevant, entering into eu standard contractual clauses (or equivalent measures) with the party outside the eea receiving the personal data and you can request further information regarding the agreements we have in place for this purpose by contacting us as set out below ("contact").

security of personal data
we use commercially reasonable administrative, technical, and physical security measures to safeguard personal data against loss, theft and unauthorised uses, access or modifications, in line with industry standard practices.
even though we maintain security measures in line with industry standard practices, neither we nor our subcontractors can promise (and you should not expect) that your personal data or private communications will always remain private.

who do we share your personal data with?
we may share your personal data with the following:
laird group companies: we may share your personal data with other members of the laird group of companies, including subsidiaries and holding companies, in order to conduct the other activities described in this privacy policy.
our service providers: we use other companies, agents or contractors ("service providers") to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you. for example, we may engage service providers to provide it, hosting and other infrastructure and processing services, including cloud service providers. in the course of providing such services, these service providers may have access to your personal data.
third parties permitted by law: in certain circumstances, we may be required to disclose or share your personal data in order to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation (for example, we may be required to disclose personal data to the police, or to judicial or administrative authorities).
third parties connected with business transfers: we may transfer your personal data to third parties in connection with a reorganisation, restructuring, merger, acquisition or transfer of assets, provided that the receiving party agrees to treat your personal data in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.

your rights
you have a number of rights in relation to your personal data, which are summarised below:
access: you have the right to confirm with us whether your personal data is processed, and if it is, to request access to that personal data including the categories of personal data processed, the purpose of the processing and the recipients or categories of recipients. we do have to take into account the interests of others though, and if you want to request more than one copy we may charge a fee.
rectification: you may have the right to rectify inaccurate or incomplete personal data concerning you. in particular, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed.
erasure: in certain circumstances, you may have the right to ask us to erase personal data concerning you.
restriction of processing: in limited circumstances, you may have the right to request that we restrict processing of your personal data.
data portability: in certain circumstances, you may have the right to receive personal data concerning you, which you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format and you may have the right to transmit that data to another entity.
objection and rights relating to automated decision-making: under certain circumstances you may have the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, at any time to the processing of your personal data, including profiling, by us and we can be required to no longer process your personal data. this may include requesting human intervention in relation to an automated decision so that you can express your view and to contest the decision.
to exercise any of these rights, please contact us as at the details below (please see "contact" below).
you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection supervisory authority, which in the uk is the information commissioner's office (ico) or if you are based in the european economic area a list of local data protection supervisory authorities is available here.

how long do we keep your personal data for?
your personal data is stored by us and/or our service providers, only to the extent necessary for the performance of our obligations and only for the time necessary to achieve the purposes for which the personal data is collected, in accordance with applicable data protection laws. data is stored for a maximum of 6 months.

changes to our privacy policy
we may update this privacy policy from time to time. any changes to this privacy policy will be posted on this page, and where appropriate, you will be notified to you by email.

contact
if you have any questions about how we treat your personal data, or if you wish to exercise any of your rights in relation to your personal data that we hold about you, please contact us at web.master@lairdconnect.com or by writing to us at the address set out at the start of this privacy policy.
home
legal
linkedin
twitter
youtube
about
products
resources
privacy policy
terms of use
legal
contact
careers
copyright © 2022 laird connectivity
north america
south america
emea
apac
webform
enter our monthly drawing to get 8 hours of free consultation from a wireless design expert
