newsletter
get all the latest information aboout matchx and mxc foundation
world-wide delivery
home
products
industrial solutions
m2 pro miner
our partners
track your order
faqs
need help?
follow us
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
linkedin
login to my account
enter your e-mail and password:
new customer? create your account
lost password? recover password
recover password
enter your email:
remembered your password? back to login
create my account
please fill in the information below:
already have an account? login here
home
products
industrial solutions
m2 pro miner
our partners
track your order
faqs
privacy policy
we are very delighted that you have shown interest in our enterprise. data protection is of a particularly high priority for the management of the matchx gmbh.
the processing of personal data, such as the name, address, e-mail address, or telephone number of a data subject shall always be in line with the general data protection regulation (gdpr), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to the matchx gmbh. by means of this data protection declaration, our enterprise would like to inform the general public of the nature, scope, and purpose of the personal data we collect, use and process when visiting the website https://matchx.io (hereinafter “website”) or using its services. furthermore, data subjects are informed, by means of this data protection declaration, of the rights to which they are entitled.
as matchx gmbh, the matchx gmbh has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to ensure the most complete protection of personal data processed through this website. however, internet-based data transmissions may in principle have security gaps, so absolute protection may not be guaranteed. for this reason, every data subject is free to transfer personal data to us via alternative means, e.g. by telephone.
definitions
the data protection declaration of the matchx gmbh (hereinafter also “we” or “us”) is based on the terms used by the european legislator for the adoption of the general data protection regulation (gdpr). our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. to ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
in this data protection declaration, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
personal datapersonal data means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (“data subject”). an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
data subjectdata subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller responsible for the processing.
processingprocessing is any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction.
restriction of processingrestriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
profilingprofiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyse or predict aspects concerning that natural person's performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behaviour, location or movements.
pseudonymisationpseudonymisation is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical and organisational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
controller or controller responsible for the processingcontroller or controller responsible for the processing is the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by union or member state law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by union or member state law.
processorprocessor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
recipientrecipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or another body, to which the personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. however, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with union or member state law shall not be regarded as recipients; the processing of those data by those public authorities shall be in compliance with the applicable data protection rules according to the purposes of the processing.
third partythird party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data.
consentconsent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject's wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
name and address of the controller
controller for the data processing in the context of this website is:
matchx gmbh
brückenstraße 4
10179 berlin
germany
phone:  +49 (0)3054908830
email: awesome@matchx.io
website:  www.matchx.io
cookies
the website uses cookies. cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an internet browser.
many websites and servers use cookies. many cookies contain a so-called cookie id. a cookie id is a unique identifier of the cookie. it consists of a character string through which internet pages and servers can be assigned to the specific internet browser in which the cookie was stored. this allows visited internet sites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other internet browsers that contain other cookies. a specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie id.
through the use of cookies, the matchx gmbh can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
by means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. the purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. the website user that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user's computer system. another example is the cookie of a shopping cart in an online shop. the online store remembers the articles that a customer has placed in the virtual shopping cart via a cookie. we also use analytics cookies to help us understand things like how long data subjects stay on our website, what pages they find most useful, and how they arrived at our website. to do so we use the services of google analytics (see section 12).
the data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. furthermore, already set cookies may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. this is possible in all popular internet browsers. if the data subject deactivates the setting of cookies in the internet browser used, not all functions of our website may be entirely usable.
data processing when visiting the website
the website collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. this general data and information are stored in the server log files. collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the internet site, (6) an internet protocol address (ip address), (7) the internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
we process the aforementioned data in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr to protect the legitimate interests of us or of third parties. in particular, we pursue the following legitimate interests: (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. therefore, the matchx gmbh analyzes collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. the data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
using our web shop
if a data subject wants to order in our web shop (https://matchx.io/collections/frontpage), it is necessary for the conclusion of the contract that they provide their personal data, which we need for the processing of the order. the legal basis for this is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b gdpr.
to order something from our web shop the data subject has to create an user account. for this purpose the data subjects has to register via “my account! with their respective e-mail address, name and by choosing a password. the personal data entered by the data subject collected and stored exclusively for the aforementioned purpose according to art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b gdpr.
by registering on the website, the ip address — assigned by the internet service provider (isp) and used by the data subject — date, and time of the registration are also stored. the purpose of this is to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. insofar, the storage of this data is based on our legitimate interest according to art. 6 para 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr in security. this data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.
registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of matchx gmbh.
in case a data subject has explicitly allowed us to do so, we may also use their e-mail to inform them about other interesting products or offers from us.
to prevent unauthorized access by third parties to data subjects’ personal data, in particular financial data, the ordering process is encrypted using tls technology.
recipients of data
shopify
we use "shopify" to host our store system and to present our offers and process contracts. "shopify" is the service of a group of companies consisting of shopify data processing (usa) inc, shopify payments (usa) inc, shopify (usa) inc, shopify commerce singapore pte. ltd, and shopify international limited. to the extent we are located in the european economic area (eea), processing is performed by shopify international limited, victoria buildings, 2nd floor, 1-2 haddington road, dublin 4, d04 xn32, ireland, hereinafter referred to as "shopify".
however, due to the group of companies, it cannot be ruled out that processing also takes place in canada and the usa, i.e. outside the eea. in the case of data transfer to the canadian shopify inc., however, an adequate level of data protection is guaranteed by adequacy decision of the european commission.
shopify thereby processes the following data on our behalf: name, billing and, if applicable, delivery address, email address, payment data, company name if applicable, telephone number if applicable, ip address, information about orders, information about the merchant stores supported by shopify that the data subject visits, and information about the used device and internet browser. the legal basis is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b gdpr.
more information about shopify can be found here: https://help.shopify.com/en/manual/your-account/privacy/gdpr/gdpr-faq; https://www.shopify.com/legal/dpa; https://help.shopify.com/pdf/gdpr-whitepaper.pdf.
payment services
for the payment processing of orders via our web hop, we use the payment service "mollie", of the payment provider mollie bv, keizersgracht 313, 1016 ee amsterdam, the netherlands (hereinafter "mollie"). mollie is an authorized financial institution that offers customers (for example web stores) the possibility to accept payments online. in doing so, the following personal data is processed:  payment data (for example, bank account number or credit card number). ip address, internet browser and device type, in some cases first and last name, address data and/or information about the purchased product, and other personal data that the data subject actively provides to us. we transmit to mollie the data communicated to us during the ordering process plus the order data. depending on the selected payment method, the data is transmitted via mollie to the respective service provider. the transmission takes place in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit b gdpr. the privacy policy of mollie can be found here https://www.mollie.com/de/privacy
we also use the payment service “ratenkauf mit klarna” of the payment provider klarna bank ab (publ) , sveavägen 46, 111 34 stockholm, schweden (hereinafter “klarna”). with klarna's financing service, the data subject can pay for their purchase in fixed or flexible monthly installments under the terms specified in the checkout. the installment payment is due at the end of each month after klarna sends the data subject a monthly invoice. the use of the payment methods invoice, installment purchase and direct debit requires a positive credit check. in this respect, we forward the data subject’s data to klarna for the purpose of the address and credit check as part of the purchase initiation and processing of the purchase contract. please understand that we can only offer those payment methods that are permitted based on the results of the credit check. data subjects can find more information about the installment purchase including the terms and conditions data privacy here: https://www.klarna.com
we also offer payment with bitcoin (btc), ethereum (eth) and …. the provider of this payment service is toshi holdings pte. ltd, 1 marina boulevard, singapore ("coinbase commerce”). if a data subject chooses to pay via coinbase commerce, none of their personal data will be transmitted to coinbase commerce. instead, shopify creates a debit at coinbase commerce, whereupon the data subject will be redirected to an automatically generated page of coinbase commerce. there, the data subject will see the transaction details in order to use the wallet software of their choice to make the transaction. after the transaction has been broadcast and recognized, the data subject will be redirected back to the checkout on our website. accordingly, only transaction-inherent information is stored in the respective blockchain, a transmission of personal data to coinbase commerce, however, does no take place. data subjects can find more information about coinbase commerce here: https://commerce.coinbase.com/legal/privacy-policy/; https://commerce.coinbase.com/.
newsletter
subscription to our newsletters
on the website, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our enterprise's newsletter. with the newsletter
we will inform our customers and business partners regularly about enterprise offers. only a valid e-mail address is required to register for the newsletter. we use the so-called double-opt-in procedure to register for our newsletter. this means that after registration we send an e-mail to the specified e-mail address in which we ask the recipient to confirm that they wish to receive the newsletter.
during the registration for the newsletter, we also store the ip address of the computer system assigned by the internet service provider (isp) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. the collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of matchx gmbh.
the personal data collected as part of a registration for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. in addition, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances. there will be no transfer of personal data collected by the newsletter service to third parties.
newsletter-tracking
the newsletter of the matchx gmbh contains so-called tracking pixels. a tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in such e-mails, which are sent in html format to enable log file recording and analysis. this allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. based on the embedded tracking pixel, the matchx gmbh may see if and when an e-mail was opened by a data subject, and which links in the e-mail were called up by data subjects.
the purpose of this processing is to optimize the shipping of the newsletter, as well as to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject. these personal data will not be passed on to third parties.
legal basis
the legal basis for sending newsletters and evaluating the usage behavior of newsletter recipients is the respective consent pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a gdpr. this consent can only be withdrawn together for the receipt of the newsletter and the evaluation of the usage behavior. for the purpose of withdrawal of consent, a corresponding link is found in each newsletter. it is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time directly on the website, or to communicate this to us in a different way.
contact
when contacting us (e.g. via e-mail or contact form), we process the information provided to us (e-mail address, name, telephone number, if applicable, and the content of the inquiry) in order to respond to the inquiry. the legal basis of the processing is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b gdpr if the subject of the inquiry is (pre-)contractual information, in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr if we have a legitimate interest and/or in accordance with the data subjectr explicit consent according to art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 lit. a gdpr.
8. comments function in the blog on the website
in our blog, where we publish various posts on topics related to our activities, data subjects can make public comments. a blog is a web-based, publicly-accessible portal, through which one or more people called bloggers or web-bloggers may post articles or write down thoughts in so-called blogposts. blogposts may usually be commented by third parties.
to leave a comment data subjects are required to provide an e-mail address and a username. the comment will be published with the specific username at the post. we recommend using a pseudonym instead of a real name.  in addition, the ip address assigned by the internet service provider (isp) to the data subject is also logged. this storage of the ip address takes place for security reasons, and in case the data subject violates the rights of third parties, or posts illegal content through a given comment. this collected personal data will not be passed to third parties, unless such a transfer is required by law or serves the aim of the defense of the data controller. legal bases are art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b and f gdpr. comments are not checked before publication. we reserve the right to delete comments if they are objected to by third parties as unlawful.
internal processing
we process the personal data mentioned above under sections 4 to 8 – except for the payment information data subjects provide after being routed to a specific payment service provider – within the scope of administrative tasks as well as for the organization of our operations, and to comply with legal obligations, such as archiving. the legal bases for this are art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b, c or f gdpr. accordingly, the purpose and our interest in processing lie in the maintenance of our business activities, the performance of our legal duties and the provision of our contractual services.
routine erasure and blocking of personal data
the data controller shall process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the european legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which matchx gmbh is subject to.
if the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the european legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or erased in accordance with legal requirements.
rights of the data subject
data protection laws provide data subjects with rights to help them understand and control how their personal data is used. in particular, gdpr provides the following rights:
the right to information according to art. 15 gdpr,
the right to rectification according to art. 16 gdpr,
the right to erasure according to art. 17 gdpr,
the right to restriction of processing according to art. 18 gdpr, as well as
the right to data portability under art. 20 gdpr.
furthermore, consent can be withdrawn at any time with effect for the future in accordance with art. 7 para. gdpr. however, we point out that in this case, or service may no longer be fully usable.
the aforementioned rights can be asserted against matchx gmbh by sending a message to the contact details listed in section 2, in particular by e-mail to awesome@matchx.io.
in addition, there is a right of appeal to a data protection supervisory authority (art. 77 gdpr) in conjunction with § 19 german federal data protection act (bdsg).
information about the right of objection according to art. 21 gdpr
data subjects also have the right, pursuant to art. 21 para. 1 gdpr, to object at any time, on grounds relating to their particular situation, to the processing of personal data concerning them which is carried out on the basis of article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. e gdpr (data processing in the public interest) and article 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr (data processing on the basis of a balance of interests). recipients may object to direct advertising by matchx gmbh at any time without stating reasons (article 21 para. 2 gdpr).
after the objection has been received and the relevant conditions have been met, we will no longer process the personal data concerned unless we can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject  in question, or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
the objection can be made form-free and no transmission costs other than those according to the prime rates are incurred. the objection is to be addressed to: awesome@matchx.io.
data protection provisions about the application and use of google analytics (with anonymization function)
has integrated components of the enterprise facebook. facebook is a social network.
a social network is a place for social meetings on the internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. a social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the internet community to provide personal or business-related information. facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.
the operating company of facebook is facebook, inc., 1 hacker way, menlo park, ca 94025, united states. if a person lives outside of the united states or canada,  is facebook ireland ltd., 4 grand canal square, grand canal harbour, dublin 2, ireland.
and into which a facebook component (facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding facebook component from facebook through the facebook component. an overview of all the facebook plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. during the course of this technical procedure, facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.
if the data subject is logged in at the same time on facebook, facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our internet site—which specific sub-site of our internet page was visited by the data subject. this information is collected through the facebook component and associated with the respective facebook account of the data subject. if the data subject clicks on one of the facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then facebook matches this information with the personal facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
facebook always receives, through the facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. this occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the facebook component or not. if such a transmission of information to facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.
the data protection guideline published by facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by facebook. in addition, it is explained there what setting options facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. in addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to facebook. these applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to facebook.
on this website, we have integrated the component of google analytics (with the anonymizer function). google analytics is a web analytics service. web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. a web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of internet advertising.
the operator of the google analytics component is google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin, d04 e5w5, ireland (parent company: google llc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa, hereinafter collectively "google").
for the web analytics through google analytics we use the application "_gat. _anonymizeip". by means of this application the ip address of the internet connection of the data subject is abridged by google and anonymised when accessing our website from a member state of the european union or another contracting state to the agreement on the european economic area. only in exceptional cases will the full ip address be transferred to a google server in the usa and shortened there. any transfer to a country outside the eu or the eea that may be necessary in individual cases takes place on the basis of data protection guarantees pursuant to art. 45 et seq. gdpr, in particular in the form of a data transfer agreement that contains the standard data protection clauses approved by the eu commission.
the purpose of the google analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website. google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our website, and to provide other services concerning the use of our website for us.
google analytics places a cookie on the device of the data subject. the definition of cookies is explained above. with the setting of the cookie, google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. with each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website and into which a google analytics component was integrated, the internet browser on the technical of the data subject will automatically submit data through the google analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to google. during the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise google gains knowledge of personal information, which serves google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.
the cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. with each visit to our website, such personal data will be transmitted to google in the united states of america and stored there. google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.
the data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. such an adjustment to the internet browser used would also prevent google analytics from setting a cookie on the data subject’s device. in addition, cookies already in use by google analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.
in addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by google analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by google and the chance to preclude any such. for this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. this browser add-on tells google analytics through a javascript, that any data and information about the visits of internet pages may not be transmitted to google analytics. the installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by google. if the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable google analytics. if the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.
further information and the applicable data protection provisions of google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/ and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html. google analytics is further explained under the following link https://www.google.com/analytics/.
use of social media plug-ins
facebook
on this website, matchx gmbh has integrated components of the enterprise facebook. facebook is a social network.
a social network is a place for social meetings on the internet, an online community, which usually allows users to communicate with each other and interact in a virtual space. a social network may serve as a platform for the exchange of opinions and experiences, or enable the internet community to provide personal or business-related information. facebook allows social network users to include the creation of private profiles, upload photos, and network through friend requests.
the operating company of facebook is facebook, inc., 1 hacker way, menlo park, ca 94025, united states. if a person lives outside of the united states or canada, matchx gmbh is facebook ireland ltd., 4 grand canal square, grand canal harbour, dublin 2, ireland.
with each call-up to one of the individual pages of this internet website, which is operated by matchx gmbh and into which a facebook component (facebook plug-ins) was integrated, the web browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download display of the corresponding facebook component from facebook through the facebook component. an overview of all the facebook plug-ins may be accessed under https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/. during the course of this technical procedure, facebook is made aware of what specific sub-site of our website was visited by the data subject.
if the data subject is logged in at the same time on facebook, facebook detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our internet site—which specific sub-site of our internet page was visited by the data subject. this information is collected through the facebook component and associated with the respective facebook account of the data subject. if the data subject clicks on one of the facebook buttons integrated into our website, e.g. the "like" button, or if the data subject submits a comment, then facebook matches this information with the personal facebook user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
facebook always receives, through the facebook component, information about a visit to our website by the data subject, whenever the data subject is logged in at the same time on facebook during the time of the call-up to our website. this occurs regardless of whether the data subject clicks on the facebook component or not. if such a transmission of information to facebook is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their facebook account before a call-up to our website is made.
the data protection guideline published by facebook, which is available at https://facebook.com/about/privacy/, provides information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by facebook. in addition, it is explained there what setting options facebook offers to protect the privacy of the data subject. in addition, different configuration options are made available to allow the elimination of data transmission to facebook. these applications may be used by the data subject to eliminate a data transmission to facebook.
instagram
on this website, matchx gmbh has integrated components of the service instagram. instagram is a service that may be qualified as an audiovisual platform, which allows users to share photos and videos, as well as disseminate such data in other social networks.
the operating company of the services offered by instagram is facebook ireland ltd., 4 grand canal square, grand canal harbour, dublin 2 ireland.
with each call-up to one of the individual pages of this internet site, which is operated by matchx gmbh and on which an instagram component (insta button) was integrated, the internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding instagram component of instagram. during the course of this technical procedure, instagram becomes aware of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
if the data subject is logged in at the same time on instagram, instagram detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our internet site—which specific sub-page of our internet page was visited by the data subject. this information is collected through the instagram component and is associated with the respective instagram account of the data subject. if the data subject clicks on one of the instagram buttons integrated on our website, then instagram matches this information with the personal instagram user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
instagram receives information via the instagram component that the data subject has visited our website provided that the data subject is logged in at instagram at the time of the call to our website. this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the instagram button or not. if such a transmission of information to instagram is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she can prevent this by logging off from their instagram account before a call-up to our website is made.
further information and the applicable data protection provisions of instagram may be retrieved under https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388 and https://www.instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/.
linkedin
on this website, matchx gmbh has integrated components of the linkedin corporation on this website. linkedin is a web-based social network that enables users with existing business contacts to connect and to make new business contacts. over 400 million registered people in more than 200 countries use linkedin. thus, linkedin is currently the largest platform for business contacts and one of the most visited websites in the world.
the operating company of linkedin is linkedin corporation, 2029 stierlin court mountain view, ca 94043, united states. for privacy matters outside of the united states linkedin ireland, privacy policy issues, wilton plaza, wilton place, dublin 2, ireland, is responsible.
with each call-up to one of the individual pages of this internet site, which is operated by matchx gmbh and on which a linkedin component (linkedin plug-in) was integrated, the internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding linkedin component of linkedin. further information about the linkedin plug-in may be accessed under https://developer.linkedin.com/plugins. during the course of this technical procedure, linkedin gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
if the data subject is logged in at the same time on linkedin, linkedin detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject—and for the entire duration of their stay on our internet site—which specific sub-page of our internet page was visited by the data subject. this information is collected through the linkedin component and associated with the respective linkedin account of the data subject. if the data subject clicks on one of the linkedin buttons integrated on our website, then linkedin assigns this information to the personal linkedin user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
linkedin receives information via the linkedin component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in at linkedin at the time of the call-up to our website. this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the linkedin button or not. if such a transmission of information to linkedin is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their linkedin account before a call-up to our website is made.
linkedin provides under https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls the possibility to unsubscribe from e-mail messages, sms messages and targeted ads, as well as the ability to manage ad settings. linkedin also uses affiliates such as eire, google analytics, bluekai, doubleclick, nielsen, comscore, eloqua, and lotame. the setting of such cookies may be denied under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy. the applicable privacy policy for linkedin is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy. the linkedin cookie policy is available under https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy.
twitter
on this website, matchx gmbh has integrated components of twitter. twitter is a multilingual, publicly-accessible microblogging service on which users may publish and spread so-called ‘tweets,’ e.g. short messages, which are limited to 280 characters. these short messages are available for everyone, including those who are not logged on to twitter. the tweets are also displayed to so-called followers of the respective user. followers are other twitter users who follow a user's tweets. furthermore, twitter allows the data subject to address a wide audience via hashtags, links or retweets.
the operating company of twitter is twitter international company, one cumberland place, fenian street dublin 2, d02 ax07, ireland.
with each call-up to one of the individual pages of this internet site, which is operated by matchx gmbh and on which a twitter component (twitter button) was integrated, the internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding twitter component of twitter. further information about the twitter buttons is available under https://about.twitter.com/de/resources/buttons. during the course of this technical procedure, twitter gains knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. the purpose of the integration of the twitter component is a retransmission of the contents of this website to allow our users to introduce this web page to the digital world and increase our visitor numbers.
if the data subject is logged in at the same time on twitter, twitter detects with every call-up to our website by the data subject and for the entire duration of their stay on our internet site which specific sub-page of our internet page was visited by the data subject. this information is collected through the twitter component and associated with the respective twitter account of the data subject. if the data subject clicks on one of the twitter buttons integrated on our website, then twitter assigns this information to the personal twitter user account of the data subject and stores the personal data.
twitter receives information via the twitter component that the data subject has visited our website, provided that the data subject is logged in on twitter at the time of the call-up to our website. this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on the twitter component or not. if such a transmission of information to twitter is not desirable for the data subject, then he or she may prevent this by logging off from their twitter account before a call-up to our website is made.
the applicable data protection provisions of twitter may be accessed under https://twitter.com/privacy?lang=en.
data protection provisions about the application and use of youtube
on this website, matchx gmbh has integrated components of youtube. youtube is an internet video portal that enables video publishers to set video clips and other users free of charge, which also provides free viewing, review and commenting on them.
the operating company of youtube is google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin, d04 e5w5, ireland (see also section 12).
with each call-up to one of the individual pages of this website on which a youtube component (youtube video) was integrated, the internet browser on the data subject’s device is automatically prompted to download a display of the corresponding youtube component. during the course of this technical procedure google gain knowledge of what specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject.
if the data subject is logged in on youtube, google recognizes with each call-up to a sub-page that contains a youtube video, which specific sub-page of our website was visited by the data subject. this information is collected by google and assigned to the respective youtube account of the data subject.
google will receive information through the youtube component that the data subject has visited our website, if the data subject at the time of the call to our website is logged in on youtube; this occurs regardless of whether the person clicks on a youtube video or not. if such a transmission of this information to youtube and google is not desirable for the data subject, the delivery may be prevented if the data subject logs off from their own youtube account before a call-up to our website is made.
youtube's data protection provisions, available at https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/, provide information about the collection, processing and use of personal data by youtube and google.
google recaptcha
for the purpose of protecting against misuse of our web forms as well as against spam, we use the google recaptcha service on this website. google recaptcha is a service of google ireland limited (see also section 12). by verifying a manual input, this service prevents automated software (so-called bots) from carrying out abusive activities on the website. in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr, this serves to protect our legitimate interests in the protection of our website against misuse and its trouble-free presentation.
google recaptcha uses by means of a code embedded in the website, a so-called javascript, in the context of the verification methods that allow an analysis of the website use, such as cookies. the automatically collected information about the data subject’s use of this website, including their ip address, is usually transferred to a google server in the usa and stored there. in addition, other cookies stored by google services in the data subject’s browser are evaluated.
a readout or storage of personal data from the input fields of the respective form does not take place.
data subjects can prevent the collection of the data generated by the javascript, or the cookie and related to the data subject’s use of the website (including the ip address) to google and the processing of this data by google by preventing the execution of javascript or the setting of cookies in their browser settings. please note that this may restrict the functionality of our website.
further information on google recaptcha can be found here: https://developers.google.com/recaptcha/.
existence of automated decision-making
b gdpr. as a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
subscribe to our newsletter
latest news, announcements, competitions & market insights
you can unsubscribe from our email at any time. we take caution with your data and never sell it to 3rd parties. if you require any further information in regards to how we handle your data, please visit our privacy policy. matchx, protecting you and your data.
world-wide delivery
warehouses throughoutusa, asia, europe & uk
guaranteed quality
2 year manufacturers guarantee
track your order
track & trace available for all orders
secure payments
multiple payment methods: bank transfers, credit card, klarna, crypto and more
imprint
terms & conditions
delivery information
right of withdrawal
privacy policy
contact us
technical support center
careers
forum
gitlab
discord
telegram
blog updates
affiliate program
tutorials
gateway user guide
dev kit user guide
m2 pro user guide - korean
m2 pro user guide - russian
m2 pro user guide - english
m2 pro brochure - english
newsletter
get all the latest information about matchx and mxc foundation
© 2022 matchx
follow us





© 2022 matchx
we use cookies to collect and analyse information on site performance and usage, to provide social media features and to enhance and customise content and advertisements. learn more
opens in a new window.
enter discount code
enter your discount code here
✔️ discount code found, it will be applied at checkout.
discount code cannot be applied to the cart. restrictions may apply or the cart may not contain the correct items to use this discount.
please provide a valid discount code.
discount code cannot be combined with the offers applied to the cart.
