solutionsretailfood– fda awardmanufacturing
retail
food
– fda award
manufacturing
partnerships
services
careers
about us
contact us
source
en
es
privacy policy
mojix knows that you care about how your personal information is used and shared, and we take your privacy seriously. please read the following to learn more about our privacy policy. by visiting the mojix web site, submitting information or using any of our products or services, you acknowledge that you accept the practices and policies outlined in this privacy policy.
what does this privacy policy cover?
this privacy policy covers mojix’ treatment of personally identifiable information (“personal information”) that mojix gathers when you are accessing mojix’ web site and when you use mojix products or services. the types of personal information collected may include your full name, address, e-mail address and telephone number. also, this policy covers mojix’ treatment of any personal information that mojix’ business partners share with mojix. this policy does not apply to the practices of companies that mojix does not own or control, or to individuals that mojix does not employ or manage.
this privacy policy also covers mojix’ treatment of data that mojix collects when you are using mojix products and services that is not personal information (“services data”). services data includes all of your information and data (including any third-party information and data in your possession) that is collected or transmitted by mojix’ application services, mojix software, or mojix services you use. this may be referred to as subscriber data, authorized customer data or otherwise in an applicable end user agreement you have with mojix that references this privacy policy.
what information does mojix collect?
the information we gather from customers enables us to personalize and improve our products and services. we collect the following types of information from our customers.
personal information you provide to us:
we may receive and store any information you enter on our web site or in connection with our products or services or that you provide to us in any other way. the personal information you provide may be used for such purposes as responding to your requests for certain products and services, customizing the content you see, and communicating with you about specials, sales offers, and new products and services.
personal information collected automatically:
we may receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our web site or services. mojix may choose to automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser including your ip address, cookie information, and the page you requested.
generally, our service may automatically collect usage information, such as the numbers and frequency of users of our site and services and its components. mojix only uses this data in aggregate form, that is, as a statistical measure, and not in a manner that would identify you personally. this type of aggregate data enables us to figure out how often customers use parts of the web site or services so that we can improve those services. as part of this use of information, we may provide aggregate information to our partners about how our customers, collectively, use our site and services.
our product automatically gathers certain information related to the usage and effectiveness of our online support services. we only use such data in the aggregate, and not in a form that would identify you personally. this aggregate data helps us determine how effective support service is, so we can improve our service tools and make them as effective as possible.
e-mail communications:
we may receive a confirmation when you open an e-mail from mojix if your computer supports this type of program. we may also compare our customer list to lists received from other companies, in an effort to avoid sending unnecessary messages to our customers. if you do not want to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please notify us by e-mail at mailing@mojix.com and include sufficient information for us to identify your account.
services data:
we may receive and store services data in connection with providing you with services or in connection with your use of mojix software. this information may be collected automatically by mojix or may be submitted by you to mojix.
aggregate data:
we may store non-personally identifiable data, calculated data such as counts, averages, and other statistics based on user usage, submitted services data, and the like (“aggregate data”). aggregate data does not contain any identifiable information on one specific user.
what about cookies?
cookies are alphanumeric identifiers that we may transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and tell us how and when pages in our site and on our service are visited and by how many people. mojix cookies do not collect personal information, and we do not combine the general information collected through cookies with other personal information to tell us who you are or to identify your screen name or e-mail address. most browsers have an option for turning off the cookie feature, which will prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, as well as (depending on the sophistication of your browser software) allowing you to decide on acceptance of each new cookie in a variety of ways.
consent to processing in the united states
mojix’ website and services are operated in the united states. by providing any information to mojix, all users, including without limitation, users in the member states of the european union, canada or elsewhere outside of the united states, fully understand and unambiguously consent to this privacy policy. by using mojix’ website or services and/or providing mojix with your information, you consent and agree to the collection, transfer, storage and processing of your information to and in the united states.
use of the information mojix receives
personal information about our customers and services data are an integral part of our business. we may use your personal information and services data, as well as aggregate data, to provide and improve the mojix website, software and/or services; to provide you with more effective customer service and/or technical support; to provide you with important information; for security or fraud prevention purposes; and for any other purposes outlined in this privacy policy. mojix employees may look at your personal information, services data, and aggregate data for development and test purposes and for any other purposes outlined in this privacy policy. we may use the services data to provide the services; conduct internal testing and continued product development; and disclose, use and provide the subscriber data to enhance the capabilities of mojix software services. we may use services data submitted by you pursuant to any license, agreement, eula or other contract as provided in such agreement or as may be required by law.
we neither rent nor sell your personal information to anyone. we share your personal information only with your consent or as described below: agents: we may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. unless we tell you differently, mojix’ agents do not have any right to use personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. you hereby consent to our sharing of personal information for the above purposes. business transfers: in some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. in these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. moreover, if mojix, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. you acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of mojix may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy. protection of mojix and others: we may release personal information when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with any law; enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of mojix, our employees, our customers, or others. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
we neither rent nor sell your services data to anyone. we share your services data only with your consent or as described below: agents: we may employ other companies and people to perform tasks on our behalf and need to share your information with them to provide products or services to you. unless we tell you differently, mojix’ agents do not have any right to use services data we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us. you hereby consent to our sharing of services data for the above purposes. business transfers: in some cases, we may choose to buy or sell assets. in these types of transactions, customer information is typically one of the business assets that is transferred. moreover, if mojix, or substantially all of its assets were acquired, customer information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. you acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of mojix may continue to use your services data as set forth in this policy. protection of mojix and others: we may release services data when we believe in good faith that release is necessary to comply with any law; enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreements; or protect the rights, property, or safety of mojix, our employees, our customers, or others. this includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
we may use aggregate data for any purpose, and may share aggregate data with third parties for any purpose.
is information about me secure?
mojix endeavors to protect user information to ensure that such information is kept private, however, mojix cannot guarantee the security of user information.
unauthorized entry or use, hardware or software failure, and other factors may compromise the security of user information at any time.
what information can i access?
mojix may allow you to access certain information about you for the purpose of viewing, and in certain situations, updating that information. the types of information that you can access and update will change as our web site changes.
what choices do i have?
as stated previously, you can always opt not to disclose information to mojix, even though it may be needed to receive services or take advantage of certain mojix offerings.
you may be able to add or update certain information on pages, such as those that may be listed in the “what information can i access” section above. when you update information, however, we may maintain a copy of the unrevised information in our records. you may request deletion of your mojix account by sending an e-mail to info@mojix.com and responding affirmatively to any confirmation e-mails that we may send. please note that some information may remain in our records after deletion of your account.
if you do not wish to receive e-mail or other mail from us, please notify us by e-mail at mailing@mojix.com, and provide sufficient information for us to identify your account. please note that if you do not want to receive legal notices from us, such as this privacy policy, those legal notices will still govern your use of the mojix web site and services, and you are responsible for reviewing such legal notices for changes.
as explained earlier, the majority of browsers allow you to monitor and restrict our use of cookies. please note, however, that if your browser does not accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of some of our services or web site features.
effective date of this privacy policy
this privacy policy is effective as of may 24, 2018.
changes to this privacy policy
mojix may amend this privacy policy from time to time. use of information we collect now is subject to the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is used. if we make changes in the way we use personal information or services data, we will notify you by posting an announcement on our web site or by sending you an email. if you provide information to us or access or use the mojix website, or any mojix software or services, in any way after this privacy policy has been changed, you will be deemed to have unconditionally consented and agreed to such changes. the most current version of this privacy policy will be available on the website and will supersede all previous versions of this privacy policy.
our policy toward children
our services are not directed to persons under 13. if you become aware that your child has provided us with personal information without your consent, please contact us using the information below. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. if we become aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we take steps to remove such information using the process described in this notice.
u.s.-e.u. data processing
eu and eea data subjects should also review our supplemental privacy notice at (https://mojix.com/supplemental-eu-privacy-policy/) which includes information about our compliance with the general data protection regulation (gdpr).
questions or concerns
if you have any questions or concerns regarding privacy at mojix site, please send us a detailed message to info@mojix.com we will make every effort to resolve your concerns.
news
blog
contact us
corporate offices
4470 w sunset boulevard, suite 107, los angeles, ca 90027
1-877-886-6549
new york paris, france la paz, bolivia
subscribe to our newsletter
news
blog
contact us
privacy policy
terms & conditions
subscribe to our newsletter
blog
privacy policy
terms & conditions
