entertainment
sports
health
automation & mobility
aboutabout uspressroommedia guidecareers
about us
pressroom
media guide
careers
entertainment
sports
health
automation & mobility
aboutabout uspressroommedia guidecareers
about us
pressroom
media guide
careers
movella, inc. privacy policy

this privacy policy sets out how movella, inc. (“we,” “our,” or “us”) uses, shares, and protects any information that you give us when you use our website: www.movella.com. by using the site and submitting information you agree that we may use and disclose your information according to the terms of this policy. this privacy policy is part of our terms and conditions of use, available here.
changes to the privacy policy
movella may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. the policy in effect at the time you use the site governs how we may use your information. if we make material changes, we will post the revised policy and the revised effective date on this site. please check back here from time to time to review any changes.2. contact us
for the purposes of the general data protection regulation 2016/679 (the “gdpr”) and other laws globally, movella, inc., with its registered office at 2570 north first street, suite 300, san jose ca 95131, united states of america, is responsible for your personal information (the “data controller”). you may contact us in writing at our registered office, by using the contact page, or by emailing us at info@movella.com.
information we collect
when you use or access our services or otherwise interact with us, we may collect a variety of information about you and others, as described below. such information includes, but is not limited to, information about you which is in a form that permits us to identify you (your “personal information”).
information you provide to us. we collect information that you provide to us, or that someone on your behalf (such as your employer or account administrator) provides to us. for example, when you contact us about our services, complete our “request demo” (or similar) online form, request our marketing materials, purchase a product through our site, access and use our services, request customer support or technical assistance, attend an event, apply for a job with us, or communicate with us by phone, email, via third-party social media sites or otherwise. we may collect the following information:
full name and job title;
company contact information including email address, telephone number, company name, preferences (work related) and interests in or inquiries about our products (work related);
demographic (company) information such as business postcode, company address;
billing, payment, and shipping information;
job application data such as your resume, education and employment history, skills, references, etc.;
data we are required to keep by law if you become a customer.
information we collect automatically. when you use or access our services, we may also collect certain information through automated means, including but not limited to some or all of the following:
device data, such as information about your computer and about your visits to and use of our services, including your ip address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, and referral source. we also may collect any telephone number from which you contact us.
log data, including information associated with your activities on our services, including information about the way you interact with our services, statistics regarding your page views and traffic to and from our services, the time and date of your visit,and the number of bytes transferred, hyperlinks clicked, and other actions you take.
information we collect from other sources. we may also collect information about you from third party suppliers, job applicant references and government database services. we will process such information in line with this privacy policy and applicable law.
how we use the information we gather
we process your personal information for the purposes set out in this privacy policy only where we have a valid legal ground for doing so under applicable data protection law. the legal ground will depend on the purpose for which we process your personal information.
we will use your personal information for the following purposes as is necessary for the performance of our obligations under our customer terms, or to answer questions or take steps at your request prior to entering those terms:
for internal record keeping;
to aggregate data filled on our website and connect that data to our crm;
to improve our products and services;
to periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided;
to contact you for market research purposes or surveys;
to customize the website according to your interests;
to supply you with products or services purchased;
to send technical alerts, updates, security notifications, and administrative communications;
to send statements and invoices to you, and to process payments;
to assist with the resolution of technical support issues or other issues relating to our products or services;
to verify your identity, investigate and prevent fraudulent activities, unauthorized access to our services, and other illegal activities;
to supply you with services purchased;
to carry out training relating to our products or services;
to manage registration, payments and your attendance to our events
to continually improve our products and services, including adding new features or capabilities, and to develop new products and services;
to (i) comply with legal obligations, (ii) respond to requests from competent authorities; (iii) protect our interests; (iv) protect our rights, safety or property, and/or that of our partners, you or others; and (v) enforce or defend our legal rights; and
to forward your information to our selected distributors/resellers/partners or third parties as set out in this privacy policy.
if you apply to work with us, we will use your personal information in the following ways as necessary in our legitimate interests, and to decide whether to enter into a contract with you:
to assess your skills, qualifications, and suitability for the role you have applied for;
to carry out background and reference checks, where applicable;
to communicate with you about the recruitment process;
to keep records related to our hiring processes; and
to comply with legal or regulatory requirements.
we may process your personal information to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of another person (for example, lessening or preventing a serious threat to the life, health or safety of any individual, or to public health or safety).
where permitted by applicable law and our contract obligations to customers, we may aggregate your non-personally identifiable data. this data will in no way identify you or any other individual. we may use this aggregated non-personally identifiable data to:
assist us to better understand how our customers are using our products and services;
provide existing and potential customers with further information regarding the uses and benefits of the products and services; and
otherwise to improve our products and services.
accessing your information and your choices.
you can update, amend or delete your information at any time by contacting us using the information above.
you can choose not to receive emails from us by “unsubscribing” using the instructions in any email you receive from us. this will not stop us from sending emails about your account or your transactions with us.
you can choose to delete or block cookies by setting your browser to either reject all cookies or to allow cookies only from selected sites. if you block cookies performance of the site may be impaired and certain features may not function at all.
sharing your information
there are circumstances where we wish to disclose or are compelled to disclose your personal information to third parties. this will only take place in accordance with the applicable law and for the purposes listed in this privacy policy.
we may reveal information about you (1) if you request or authorize it; (2) if the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) if the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our terms of use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) if the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, financing, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); (5) if the information is provided to our agents, professional advisors, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, etc.); (6) with our affiliated companies; or (7) as otherwise described in this privacy policy.
we may also share aggregated or anonymous information that cannot identify you with third parties. for example, we may disclose the number of visitors to our services and what features were used.
we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal information and to treat it in accordance with the law. we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
we do not sell your information to a third party. we do not share your information with others for their direct marketing use.
security
in order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place reasonable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. while we cannot ensure or guarantee that loss, misuse or alteration of information will not occur, we use all reasonable efforts to prevent this.
how long do we keep your data
we do not save and keep your data longer than we need it. if you purchase our products we will keep your data in our database for 7 years or as long as required by law. we may retain and use your personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights, or if it is not technically reasonably feasible to remove it. consistent with these requirements, we will try to delete your personal information quickly upon request.
how we use cookies
a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes, and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. we may allow selected third parties to place cookies through the website to provide us with better insights into the use of the website or user demographics or to provide relevant advertising to you. these third parties may collect information about a consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites when he or she uses our website. you can read more about this in our cookie policy here.
we use cookies to personalize content, show and personalize ads, provide users with social media (re)targeting and to analyze website traffic.
we currently do not utilize technology that responds to do not track signals from your web browser.
social media features
our site may include social media features, such as the facebook like button and widgets, such as the share this button or interactive mini-programs that run on our sites. these features may collect your ip address, which page you are visiting on our sites, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. social media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our websites.
this privacy policy does not apply to these features. your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy and other policies of the companies providing them.
children under 16
the site is not intended for or targeted at children under 16, and we do not knowingly or intentionally collect information about children under 16. if you believe that we have collected information about a child under 16, please contact us at privacy@movella.com, so that we may delete the information promptly.
application data
in our mvn/dot applications, we send anonymous usage statistics to analyze the way our clients are using the application. this data is made anonymous on the client-side via a random id. we use this data to improve the ux and functions of the application. we do not store personal data in this way. next, to the above, we also make it easy to opt-out of these statistics when the mvn application is opened.
links to other sites.
we may permit others to link to this site or to post a link to their site on ours. we do not endorse these sites and are not responsible for other sites or their privacy practices.   please read their privacy policies before submitting information.
access from outside the united states
our site is hosted and operated in the united states. personal data may be accessed by us or transferred to us in the united states or to our affiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers who are located worldwide. if you are visiting our sites or using our service from outside united states, be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the united states where our servers are located, and our central database is operated. by using our sites, you consent to any transfer of this information.
where required by applicable laws, we will take appropriate measures to ensure adequate protection of your personal information when transferred internationally and, if necessary, seek your prior consent. such measures may include use of data transfer agreements and / or official transfer mechanisms such as data authority approved contractual clauses. for instance, if you are located in the european economic area (“eea”), we may store your personal data as described in this policy outside the eea. where we transfer eea personal data to a third party located in a country not recognized by the european commission, or another relevant body, as ensuring an adequate level of protection, we will take appropriate steps, such as implementing standard contractual clauses recognized by the eu commission, to safeguard such personal information.
your european union and united kingdom privacy rights
for individuals within the european economic area and united kingdom only. under the gdpr and united kingdom data protection laws, in certain circumstances, you may have the following rights:
right of access: if you ask us, we will confirm whether we are processing your personal data and, if so, provide you with a copy of that personal data along with certain other details.
right to rectification: if your personal data is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to ask that we correct or complete it.
right to erasure: you may ask us to delete or remove your personal data, such as where you withdraw your consent.
right to restrict processing: you may ask us to restrict or ‘block’ the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances, such as where you contest the accuracy of the data or object to us processing it.
right to data portability: you have the right to obtain your personal data from us that you consented to give us or that is necessary to perform a contract with you.
right to object: you may ask us at any time to stop processing your personal data, and we will do so. we are relying on a legitimate interest to process your personal data – when we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds we could refuse this right, such as when we are obligated by law to keep sales data for 7 years.
rights in relation to automated decision-making and profiling: you have the right to be free from decisions based solely on automated processing of your personal data, including profiling, that affect you personally, unless such profiling is necessary for entering into, or the performance of, a contract between you and us or you provide your explicit consent.
right to withdraw consent: if we rely on your consent to process your personal data, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. this will not affect the lawfulness of processing based on your prior consent.
you have the right to file a request with us to gain access to your personal data we process. if in your opinion those personal data are not or no longer correct or complete, you may object to the personal data processing, file a request to supplement, correct, rectify or remove your personal data, or file a request to limit the personal data processing. you may furthermore transfer or arrange for the transfer of your personal data to a third party. we will comply with such a request as soon as possible or will explain and state the reasons why we are not or not yet able to comply with your request promptly.you may exercise any of these rights by sending your request to privacy@movella.com; our full contact details of which can be found above.if in your opinion we are processing your personal data improperly or unlawfully and we have not or have not adequately complied with your objection or request as referred to above, you have the right to make a complaint to a uk or an eu data protection authority, such as the uk information commissioner’s office. we would, however, appreciate the chance to help you with your concerns before you register a complaint.
california consumer privacy act notice
for california residents only. at this time we are not required to comply with the california consumer privacy act (ccpa). we will update this privacy policy when we qualify for coverage under the ccpa.
notice to nevada residents
we do not transfer personal information for monetary consideration. if you would like to tell us not to sell your information in the future please email us at privacy@movella.com with your name, postal address, telephone number and email address with “nevada do not sell” in the subject line.

2570 north first streetsuite 300san jose ca 95131
+1 408-637-5503
entertainmentsportshealthautomation & mobility
entertainment
sports
health
automation & mobility
aboutcontactterms & conditionsprivacy policycookie policypressroomcareers
about
contact
terms & conditions
privacy policy
cookie policy
pressroom
careers



