my murataopen in new window
contact information
contact form
corporateopen in new window
careersopen in new window
americas - english
emea - english
southeast and south asia - english
global - english
中文
korea - english
日本語
enter a product part number, or a portion of a part number.
product news
electronic components
solutions
other products
applications
articlesopen in new window
websites
corporateopen in new window
careersopen in new window
contact form
contact information
my murata
select your region & language
americas - englishnorth americasouth america
north america
south america
emea - englisheuropemiddle-east asiaafrica
europe
middle-east asia
africa
southeast and south asia - englishsouth-east asiasouth asiaoceania
south-east asia
south asia
oceania
global - englishother area
other area
中文
korea - english
日本語
home
privacy
privacy
it is the intention of murata electronics north america, inc. ("company," "us" or "we") to provide our customers with an up-to-date, easy-to-use on-line environment in which they can view company news and product information. we appreciate your interest in our company and value the time you spend visiting our web site.
we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy.
this policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit the website https://www.murata.com/en-us/ (our "website") and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
on this website
interactions with you via electronic communication tools such as email and telephone.
in-person meetings
as part of the company's endeavors to respect privacy, our policy is based upon the law of california, the california consumer privacy act (the "ccpa"), which has one of the most comprehensive consumer privacy laws in the united states. the ccpa only applies to information about residents of california. if you are a not a resident of california, you may submit a request and we will process it, as described within this policy, even though the ccpa does not require us to do so. in accepting, processing, and responding to requests by individuals who are not california residents, we will apply all of the same limitations and exceptions under the ccpa to those requests as apply to requests made by california residents. we reserve the right to change or stop the practice of accepting requests from individuals who are not california residents at any time and without prior notice.
please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. if you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our website or to not interact with company. by accessing or using this website or continuing to interact with company, you agree to this privacy policy. this policy may change from time to time (see changes to our privacy policy). your continued use of this website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) information that we collect
a. identifiers
a real name, alias, postal address, email address, unique or online identifier, internet protocol (ip) address, account name, social security number (ssn), driver’s license or passport number or other similar identifiers.
[yes]
b. personal information categories described in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e))
a name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
some personal information included in this category may overlap with other categories.
[yes]
c. protected classification characteristics under california or federal law
age (40 years or older), race, color, ancestry, national origin, citizenship, religion or creed, marital status, medical condition, physical or mental disability, sex (including gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy or childbirth and related medical conditions), sexual orientation, veteran or military status, genetic information (including familial genetic information).
[yes]
d. commercial information
records of personal property, products or services purchased, obtained, or considered, or other purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
[no]
e. biometric information
genetic, physiological, behavioral, and biological characteristics, or activity patterns used to extract a template or other identifier or identifying information, such as, fingerprints, faceprints, and voiceprints, iris or retina scans, keystroke, gait, or other physical patterns, and sleep, health, or exercise data.
[no]
f. internet or other similar network activity
browsing history, search history, information on a consumer’s interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
[yes]
g. geolocation data
physical location or movements.
[yes]
h. sensory data
audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
[no]
i. professional or employment related information
current or past job history or performance evaluations.
[yes]
j. non-public personally identifiable information under the family educational rights and privacy act (ferpa) (20 u.s.c. § 1232g and 34 c.f.r. part 99)
education records directly related to a student maintained by an educational institution or party acting on its behalf, such as grades, transcripts, class lists, student schedules, student identification codes, student financial information, or student disciplinary records.
[no]
k. inferences drawn from other personal information
profiles reflecting a person’s preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
[yes]
sources of personal information:
offline information – interactions with you during in-person meetings or at company events, conferences, workshops or gatherings.
online information – originates from your activities on our web sites or via electronic communication tools such as email or telephone. for example, your product or sales inquiries directed to company. online information may also originate from the use of cookies and similar technologies on our sites. information about you may also be provided by third party sources, such as data aggregators who may not have a relationship with you.
purposes for collecting personal information:
to communicate and respond to your requests to company;
to deliver functionality on our web sites and for their technical and functional management;
to engage in transactions with customers, suppliers and business partners and to process orders for murata products and services;
to analyze, develop, improve and optimize the use, function and performance of our web sites and products and services;
to manage the security of our sites, networks and systems;
to support employment, infrastructure, and human resource management;
to comply with applicable laws and regulations and to operate our business as well as to enforce our legal rights;
to market our products and services, and to tailor our marketing and sales activities to your or your company’s interests; and
to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which personal information held by us about our website users or customers is among the assets transferred.
personal information sold:
we do not sell personal information that we collect.  we only share your information as described in this policy. we process your information for the purposes described in this policy, which include the above-listed commercial and business purposes in the meaning of the ccpa (see the "purposes for collecting personal information" section above).
we also impose restrictions on how our partners can use any data that we provide.
personal information disclosed for business purposes:
third party service providers (for example website hosting and management, analytics, event/campaign management, select resellers and distributors, information technology and related infrastructure provision, error monitoring, security, debugging, auditing, internal research or for improvement purposes and other similar service providers) in order for those service providers to perform business functions on behalf of company.
professional advisors including lawyers, accountants and insurers where necessary to enable them to provide their services to us.
legal authorities or pursuant to legal regulations that require reporting/sharing in certain circumstances or for prosecution and/or prevention of unlawful activities.
we may also share your personal data with third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. if a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
specifically, the categories listed below have been disclosed for business purposes within the preceding twelve (12) months:
*please refer to “categories of personal information we collect” table above for definitions and details in respect to these categories
california consumer privacy act consumer rights
the ccpa provides consumers (california residents) with specific rights regarding their personal information. this section describes your ccpa rights and explains how to exercise those rights.
right of access:
the categories of personal information we collected about you
the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information
the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information
the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (also called a data portability request)
if we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:        sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; anddisclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
sales, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
please be advised that we do not provide these access and data portability rights for business-to-business or employment personal information.        business-to-business information is that information which we collect in the course of providing a product or service to another business, or in the course of receiving a product or service from another business.employment information is that information which is about a current or former employee or job applicant, and we use that personal information within the context of that individual’s role as a current or former employee or job applicant.
business-to-business information is that information which we collect in the course of providing a product or service to another business, or in the course of receiving a product or service from another business.
employment information is that information which is about a current or former employee or job applicant, and we use that personal information within the context of that individual’s role as a current or former employee or job applicant.
right of data portability:
in response to a request of disclosure, we must provide personal information in a readily useable format to enable you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hinderance.
deletion request rights:
you have the right to request that we delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising access, data portability, and deletion rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal. penal code § 1546 et. seq.).
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
comply with a legal obligation.
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
please be advised that we do not provide these deletion rights for business-to-business (as described above) or employee (as described above) personal information.
right to non-discrimination:
deny you goods or services
charge you different prices for goods or services, whether through denying benefits or imposing penalties
provide you with a different level or quality of good or services
suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services
threaten you with any of the above
exercising access, data portability and deletion rights:
to exercise the access, data portability, and deletion rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
calling our toll-free number +1-855-610-7680 or submitting our ccpa request form
only you, or a person registered with the california secretary of state that you authorize to act on your behalf, may make a verifiable consumer request related to your personal information. you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
you may only make a verifiable consumer request for access or data portability twice within a 12-month period. the verifiable consumer request must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or are an authorized representative. describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you.
we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request to verify the requestor's identity or authority to make the request.
response timing and format
we endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request within forty-five (45) days of its receipt. if we require more time, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
any disclosures we provide will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request’s receipt. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable. for data portability requests, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
do not sell my personal information:
we will not sell your personal information. however, under the ccpa we are required to provide a link that allows you to opt out of the sale of your personal information by either:
calling our toll-free number +1-855-610-7680 or submitting our ccpa request form
eu data protection laws (“gdpr”)
a right of access:        the right to obtain access to your personal information.
a right of access:        the right to obtain access to your personal information.
a right to rectification:        the right to obtain rectification of your personal information without undue delay where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
a right to rectification:        the right to obtain rectification of your personal information without undue delay where that personal information is inaccurate or incomplete.
a right to erasure:        the right to obtain the erasure of your personal information without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed.
a right to erasure:        the right to obtain the erasure of your personal information without undue delay in certain circumstances, such as where the personal information is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which it was collected or processed.
a right to restriction:        the right to obtain restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as, where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you, for a period of time enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal information.
a right to restriction:        the right to obtain restriction of the processing undertaken by us on your personal information in certain circumstances, such as, where the accuracy of the personal information is contested by you, for a period of time enabling us to verify the accuracy of that personal information.
a right to portability:        the right to portability allows you to move copy or transfer personal information easily from one organization to another.
a right to portability:        the right to portability allows you to move copy or transfer personal information easily from one organization to another.
a right to object:        you have a right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. you can object to marketing activities for any reason.in addition to eea resident data security rights, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available at:https://ec.europa.eu/justice/dataprotection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.as we are a data processor, should you wish to exercise any of your rights, you must contact the data controller. please refer to the “for further information” section below for details.
a right to object:        you have a right to object to any processing based on our legitimate interests where there are grounds relating to your particular situation. you can object to marketing activities for any reason.
in addition to eea resident data security rights, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. further information about how to contact your local data protection authority is available at:https://ec.europa.eu/justice/dataprotection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
as we are a data processor, should you wish to exercise any of your rights, you must contact the data controller. please refer to the “for further information” section below for details.
children's privacy
we take special care to protect the privacy needs of children under the age of 16 and encourage parents to be an active participant in their child's online activities and interests. we will not knowingly or intentionally collect personal information about children under the age of 16.
if you are the parent or guardian of a child that you believe has disclosed personally identifiable information to us, please contact us so that we may delete the child's information. we cannot prohibit minors from visiting this site and must rely on parents and guardians to decide which materials are appropriate for children to view and/or purchase.
protection of personal information
company has implemented appropriate technical, physical and organizational measures designed to protect personal information against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, damage, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, as well as all other forms of unlawful processing.
third party website privacy policies
murata electronics north america, inc.’s web site may at some point include links to other web sites, or other companies may link their site to the murata site. we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices used by any non-murata web sites.
copyrights and trademarks
all content included on this site, such as text, graphics, logos, product drawings, etc., is the property of murata americas, and is protected by u.s. copyright laws. any use of the content on this site, without express written permission, is strictly prohibited.
changes to our privacy policy
it is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page [with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the website home page]. the date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. you are responsible for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes. your continued use of our website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
for further information
if you have comments or questions about our privacy policy, you can submit them by either:
calling our toll-free number +1-855-610-7680 or submitting our ccpa request form
6. confidentiality and providing to 3rd parties
other murata entities, who are part of the murata group.
third party service providers, for example website hosting and management, analytics, event/campaign management, information technology and related infrastructure provision, error monitoring, security, debugging, auditing, internal research or for improvement purposes and other similar service providers, in order for those service providers to perform business functions on behalf of murata.
professional advisors including lawyers, accountants and insurers where necessary to enable them to provide their services to us.
legal authorities or pursuant to legal regulations that require reporting/sharing in certain circumstances or for prosecution and/or prevention of unlawful activities.
the mentioned third parties may be located outside of the economic european area (eea).
for the transfer to entities within the murata group we have an agreement in place which includes, european commission approved, standard contractual clauses. this agreement functions as an intra-group transfer mechanism for personal data.
for transferring to other third parties such as service providers, we have data processing agreements in place. in case of a transfers outside of the eea, standard contractual clauses are included within the agreements.
inquiriessend your inquiry
home
privacy
twitter
facebook
tumblr
twitter
facebook
eu rohs / reach & california proposition 65                            approach for chemical regulation for murata products.
site policy
social media policy
privacy
sitemap
copyright © murata manufacturing co., ltd. all rights reserved.
