home
solutionssmart productsmart home
smart product
smart home
productsmodulestoolkits
modules
toolkits
cloud servicesaasfogcloud
saas
fogcloud
documentation
about usintroductionnews
introduction
news
log in
register

please read these terms and conditions carefully（if you are under 18 years of age, please read the terms of service accompanied by a legal guardian.）

this privacy policy applies to the access and use of the mxchip international website currently located at www.mxchip.com (the “mxchip platform”), including, and the use by registered users of the mxchip platform of mxchip products and services (the “cloud services”) provided by the mxchip.
this privacy policy sets out how we collect, use, transfer, retain, secure and disclose your personal data and/or personal data about your customers or end users that you provide to us pursuant to your use of the mxchip platform and/or our cloud services, as well as other terms relating to data location. it also describes your choices regarding use, access and correction of your personal data.
many of our cloud services offered through the mxchip platform are intended for use by business organisations. if you use your organisation’s email address to register an account and purchase or use our cloud services, the owner of the domain associated with your organisation’s email address, and/or your organisation, may monitor or control your account with the mxchip platform and access, process, and/or control your personal data, as well as the contents of your communications and files. your organisation’s use of our cloud services may be subject to your organisation’s own rules or policies, and you shall direct all privacy enquiries relating to such rules or policies to your organisation’s administrators. we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of your organisation.
cloud services may be used by our customers (i.e. registered users of mxchip) to develop or host their own services and products for the customer’s and users. any information collected or handled by mxchip in such circumstances is processed on behalf of our customer who controls the collection and use of such information. we do not have a direct relationship with the end users of our customers. where this is the case, end users should direct all privacy enquiries, such as any requests to access, correct, amend or delete personal information, to the mxchip customer providing their services or products. we are not responsible for the privacy or security practices of our customers.

a. collection of personal data
if you are (i) an individual or (ii) a representative of a business organisation at the time you register to become a user of the mxchip platform and/or purchase cloud services, you may be asked to complete registration forms which require you to provide information such as your email address, mobile number, country, preferred language, name, contact address, and screen nick name. you may also provide to us additional optional contact information in your account profile, such as email address for sub-accounts, and additional contact phone numbers.

we record details of your activities (including any purchase or use of our product offerings and services) when you use the mxchip platform and/or certain cloud services for legal and/or business purposes. if you make purchases or otherwise transact online through the mxchip platform, we also collect information related to such transactions including, but not limited to, the types and specifications of the cloud services, pricing information, and any trade dispute/complaint records.

when you contact our customer support, sales or other departments, we may record the communications for security and customer services purposes and collect additional information to verify your identity.

please note that certain categories of data are necessary for us to provide the cloud services, such as user name, address, phone number, and email address. these categories will be specified at the time of collection. in the event that you do not provide any or sufficient data marked as mandatory, we may not be able to complete the registration process or provide you with our cloud services.

we also record records of users’ browsing activities on the mxchip platform, including but not limited to internet protocol (“ip”) addresses, browsing patterns and purchasing patterns. in addition, we automatically gather statistical information about our mxchip platform and visitors to our mxchip platform including, but not limited to, ip addresses, browser software, operating system, software and hardware attributes, pages viewed, number of sessions and unique visitors.

we may from time to time collect additional information from you (such as copies of identification documents) and obtain information about you from third parties in order to carry out risk control, fraud prevention and compliance procedures.

b.purposes for the collection, retention, use, disclosure and transfer of personal data
we collect, retain, use and disclose personal data for the following purposes:

processing your registration as a user, providing you with an user id for our mxchip platform and maintaining and managing your registration;
providing you with customer service and responding to your queries, feedback, claims or disputes;
providing the cloud services to you and/or your end users;
processing your subscriptions on the international marketplace;
personalizing our communication with you based on your order history, and performing research or statistical analysis in order to improve our product offerings and services;
publishing any information you voluntarily submit (which may include, but is not limited to, a photograph or other personal data you provide) to our mxchip platform to be published on our mxchip platform through the publishing tools (such as our discussion forums);
to comply with applicable law, legal process or lawful government request, or in respect of any claims or potential claims brought against us or our parent companies, shareholders, subsidiaries and affiliates;
performing risk control, legal compliance and sanctions screening; and
performing screening and checks for unlawful, fraudulent, deceptive or malicious activities.
subject to obtaining your specific consent (or where otherwise permitted by applicable law in your jurisdiction), we may use your name, phone number, residential address, email address and fax number (which may incorporate personal data) to provide notices, surveys, product alerts, related communications and other marketing and promotional materials to you relating to goods and services offered by us on our mxchip platform.

c. disclosure of personal data
we may disclose your personal data to third party service providers engaged by us to assist with providing you with our services (including partners providing customer services to you, contacting you regarding promotions products and services, performing risk control, fraud prevention and legal compliance procedures, and conducting payment processing services) (the “third party service providers”).
the international marketplace enables you to purchase or subscribe to products and services (“marketplace products”) from companies other than mxchip (“third party vendors”), and should you purchase or subscribe to marketplace products offered by a third party vendor, we may provide such third party vendor with your personal data for the purposes of processing your purchase and/or subscriptions on the international marketplace. other than such personal data disclosed by mxchip to the third party vendor, in some cases you may be required to submit personal data to third party vendors to use such marketplace products. this privacy policy does not apply to such collection, use or disclosure of personal data by third party vendors. the privacy policies of third party vendors may differ from ours, and we have no control over the information that you submit to those third party vendors. you should read the relevant privacy policies for those third party vendors before providing your information to such third party vendors.
we may provide aggregated or anonymized data to third parties, but when we do so, the information we share is in a de-identified format that does not personally identify you.
we have established and will establish relationships with other parties and websites to offer you the benefit of their products and services. we offer you access to these other parties and their websites either through the use of hyperlinks to these sites from our mxchip platform or through offering “co-branded” sites in which both we and other parties share the same uniform resource locator, domain name or pages within a domain name on the internet, such as www.mxchip.com. in some cases you may be required to submit personal data to register or apply for products or services provided by such third parties or co-branded partners. this privacy policy does not apply to these third party sites or co-branded sites. the privacy policies of those other parties may differ from ours, and we have no control over the information that you submit to those third parties. you should read the relevant privacy policy for those third party sites and co-branded sites before responding to any offers, products or services advertised by those parties.
our website offers publicly accessible community forums. any information you provide in these areas may be accessed, read, collected, and used by others anywhere in the world. to request removal of your personal data from our community forums, contact us at www.mxchip.com

d. transfer of personal data
as part of providing you with the cloud services, we may need to transfer your personal data from your jurisdiction to an overseas jurisdiction. recipients of the data in these jurisdictions may be subject to data privacy laws less protective or not equivalent to those in your own jurisdiction. such overseas transfer or processing of your personal data may be necessary to process and administer your customer account and to provide the cloud services (including providing customer services to you, contacting you regarding promotions, products and services, performing risk control, fraud prevention and legal compliance procedures, and conducting payment processing services). you appoint us to perform any such transfer of personal data to any such country and to store and process such personal data in order to provide our cloud services to you. you are solely responsible for ensuring compliance with any laws or regulatory obligations relating to personal data and/or privacy and your use of the same on or in connection with the cloud services, and you warrant that you have obtained all requisite consents from all relevant data subjects to permit the use of the same.

e. security measures
we use commercially reasonable endeavors to protect the personal data that you provide to us. we limit access to your personal data and other data to people who need to access to such data for their work.

nevertheless, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be perfectly secure. as a result, while we try to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee the security of any personal data you transmit to us and you do so at your own risk. we cannot and do not guarantee security in connection with your use of the mxchip platform and our cloud services.

we retain your personal data as long as you have an account with us, as needed to provide services or products to you, to resolve disputes, or as required or permitted by applicable laws, such as tax and accounting laws.

f. right to access/correct personal data; contacting us
you have the right to request access to your personal data held by us (or on our behalf) and to request correction or deletion of such personal data. additionally, upon request, we will provide you with information about whether we hold your personal information. you may contact us at service @mxchip.com to request access, correction or deletion of your personal data. we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe. you may also have supplemental rights under applicable law in relation to your personal data.
in case where we act as a processor, we have no direct relationship with the individuals whose personal data we process. an individual who seeks access, or who seeks to correct, amend, or delete inaccurate data should direct their query to mxchip’s client (the data controller).
you may receive e-newsletters from us. if you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may update your email preferences by using the “unsubscribe” link found in emails we send to you or at your member profile.
we do not knowingly collect personal data of minors (persons under the age of 18). if a minor has provided us with personal data, the parent or guardian may contact us on the minor’s behalf to request that we cease any further collection, use and/or disclosure of the personal data and delete the personal data we may hold relating to the relevant minor.

g. changes to this privacy policy
any changes to this privacy policy will be communicated by us posting an amended privacy policy on our mxchip platform. once posted on our mxchip platform the new privacy policy will become immediately effective. we may also in our discretion provide notice to you of any changes to the privacy policy. if we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective. any information and/or personal data we hold about you (as described in this privacy policy and whether or not collected prior to or after the amended and restated policy comes into effect) will be governed by the latest version of our privacy policy. we strongly encourage you to visit the mxchip platform from time to time to review the privacy policy. your continued use of the mxchip platform and/or the cloud services signifies your acceptance of the changes to the privacy policy.



mxchip privacy policy
about us



© 2014-2019　 shanghai mxchip information technology co., ltd. all rights reserved 　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　　沪icp备05042130号-1
mxchip, aiot solution provider


connecting the unconnected!

gpsales@mxchip.com






products












solutions











cloud service


in the future,
mxchip will strive to connect more than 10 billion devices
and let each device provide intelligent service for human being.
smart product
smart home
saas
fogcloud
modules & chips
toolkits
introduction
partners
agents
contact
documentation
