search
contact
servicessystem designadvanced engineeringproactive engineering capabilitiesoem manufacturingenvironmental qualification testingprogram managementglobal logistics & support
system design
advanced engineering
proactive engineering capabilities
oem manufacturing
environmental qualification testing
program management
global logistics & support
industriesmilitary & defensecommercial & industrial
military & defense
commercial & industrial
hardware platformsruggedized militarycustom platformssmall form factorsserver platformsrack integration
ruggedized military
custom platforms
small form factors
server platforms
rack integration
about usleadershippartnerssuccess storiescareerscontact us
leadership
partners
success stories
careers
contact us
news and eventsnewsevents
news
events
home
privacy policy
privacy policy
protecting your private information is our priority. this statement of privacy applies to https://www.networkallies.com/, and network allies and governs data collection and usage. for the purposes of this privacy policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to network allies include https://www.networkallies.com/. the network allies website is an information site. by using the network allies website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
collection of your personal information
we do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. however, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services. these may include: (a) registering for an account; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message. to wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. we also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
sharing information with third parties
network allies does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
network allies may, from time to time, contact you on behalf of external business partners about a particular offering that may be of interest to you. in those cases, your unique personally identifiable information (e-mail, name, address, telephone number) is not transferred to the third party. network allies may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. all such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to network allies, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
network allies may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on network allies or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of network allies; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of network allies, or the public.
one of the third parties we use to collect and track user statistics and trends related to our sites and services is leadlander, corp. through its leadlander product offering (“leadlander”). leadlander’s privacy policy and how the leadlander services operate and use data from our sites and services is available at: https://app.leadlander.com/privacy. as part of our use of our website we will install cookies onto your computer on behalf of leadlander. you acknowledge and consent to the placement of such cookies which will collect data about your use of our site and services and other sites and services which utilize leadlander’s services. in addition, if you provide us with personal information (including name, e-mail address, company affiliation and similar personally identifying data) we may provide this information to leadlander so they can associate it with the cookie we have installed on your computer which will allow them to identify you on other sites which utilize the leadlander service and share your information with the third parties who operate those sites.
we do employ google analytics (http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/), which records site traffic and activity in aggregate. we do not participate in any advertisement networks or website data-sharing arrangements with any third parties.
tracking user behavior
network allies may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within network allies, in order to determine what network allies services are the most popular. this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within network allies to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
automatically collected information
information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by network allies. this information can include: your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. this information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the network allies website.
use of cookies
the network allies website may use “cookies” to help you personalize your online experience. a cookie is a text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you.
one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. the purpose of a cookie is to tell the web server that you have returned to a specific page. for example, if you personalize network allies pages, or register with network allies site or services, a cookie helps network allies to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. this simplifies the process of recording your personal information, such as billing addresses, shipping addresses, and so on. when you return to the same network allies website, the information you previously provided can be retrieved, so you can easily use the network allies features that you customized.
you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. if you choose to decline cookies, you may not be able to fully experience the interactive features of the network allies services or websites you visit.
links
this website contains links to other sites. please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
security of your personal information
network allies secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. network allies uses the following methods for this purpose:
– ssl protocol
when personal information is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the secure sockets layer (ssl) protocol.
we strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this site cannot be guaranteed.
right to deletion
subject to certain exceptions set out below, on receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will:
delete your personal information from our records; and
direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
please note that we may not be able to comply with requests to delete your personal information if it is necessary to:
complete the transaction for which the personal information was collected, fulfill the terms of a written warranty or product recall conducted in accordance with federal law, provide a good or service requested by you, or reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform a contract between you and us;
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity; or prosecute those responsible for that activity;
debug to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality;
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise his or her right of free speech, or exercise another right provided for by law;
comply with the california electronic communications privacy act;
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when our deletion of the information is likely to render impossible or seriously impair the achievement of such research, provided we have obtained your informed consent;
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with your expectations based on your relationship with us;
comply with an existing legal obligation; or
otherwise use your personal information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.
children under thirteen
network allies does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. if you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
e-mail communications
from time to time, network allies may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. in order to improve our services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from network allies or click on a link therein.
if you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from network allies, you may opt-out of such communications by clicking the unsubscribe link in an email.
external data storage sites
we may store your data on servers provided by third-party hosting vendors with whom we have contracted.
changes to this statement
network allies reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our website, and/or by updating any privacy information. your continued use of the website and/or services available after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified privacy policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that policy.
contact information
network allies welcomes your questions or comments regarding this statement of privacy. if you believe that network allies has not adhered to this statement, please contact network allies at:
network allies
1616 osgood street suite 1001north andover, massachusetts 01841
email address:
info@networkallies.com
telephone number:
+1-978-486-0300
effective as of november 24, 2021
network allies1616 osgood street suite 1001north andover, ma 01845
+1-978-486-0300info@networkallies.com
copyright ©  network allies, llc. all rights reserved. | privacy policy
this site uses cookies to give you the best possible experience. by browsing our website, you agree to our use of cookies.
if you require further information or do not wish to have cookies placed when using the site, visit our privacy policy page.
