blog
+91 20 6762 9988
sales@nexapp.co.in
productssd-wan
sd-wan
solutionssd-branchinstaroute sd-iotnetwork security
sd-branch
instaroute sd-iot
network security
managed servicesnexapp connectivity suitesite deployementnoc services
nexapp connectivity suite
site deployement
noc services
partner
career
companyabout usour storyvisionboard of directors
about us
our story
vision
board of directors
privacy policy
objective and applicability of the policy
by browsing, visiting, accessing the website at https://www.nexapp.co.in , you are expressly consenting to be bound by the privacy policy and terms of use of nexapp technologies private limited (the “company” or “us” “we” “our”) and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws in connection with your use and access of this website.
the terms “you” or “your” or “user”, shall include any individual or legal entity who accesses or uses https://www.nexapp.co.in (“nexapp technologies website”).
this privacy policy (“policy”) describes the types of information the company may collect from you or that you may provide in relation to the use or access of the nexapp technologies website and the manner in which such information is collected, used, processed, disclosed and maintained.
please read and understand this policy carefully. if you do not agree with our policies and our practices in the way we treat your information including without limitation user information and any other information, your choice is to not use the nexapp technologies website.  your use or access of the nexapp technologies website, thus, shall constitute your agreement to this privacy policy. the materials contained in the nexapp technologies website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law.
this privacy policy shall apply to all information you provide on the  nexapp technologies website and all information that the company collects on the nexapp technologies website including but not limited to user information, any information you upload, emails that you exchange with the company and other users of the nexapp technologies website and any information submitted by you to the company.
this privacy policy does not apply to, nor does the company take any responsibility for, any information that is collected by any third party either using the nexapp technologies website or through any links on the nexapp technologies website or through any advertisements on the nexapp technologies website.
type of information collected
we collect following information (” information”) from you:
“personally identifiable information”: information that could be used to identify you such as, your name, ip addresses, age, gender, telephone numbers, location data, email addresses, payment, billing or other related information which may be used to identify you;
“sensitive personal information”: such as passwords and financial/ payment related information; if any
“non-personal information”: information that cannot be used to identify you such as the webpages that you have viewed and your usage patterns; and
“device information”: information which is automatically collected about the device from which the nexapp technologies website is used.
to contact you about your account and provide customer service support, including responding to your comments and questions
to share aggregate (non-identifiable) statistics about users of the services to prospective advertisers and partners
to keep you informed about the services, features, surveys, newsletters, offers, surveys, newsletters, offers, contests and events we think you may find useful or which you have requested from us
to sell or market evolo landing page products and services to you
to better understand your needs and the needs of users in the aggregate, diagnose problems, analyze trends, improve the features and usability of the services, and better understand and market to our customers and users
to keep the services safe and secure
we also use non-identifiable information gathered for statistical purposes to keep track of the number of visits to the services with a view to introducing improvements and improving usability of the services. we may share this type of statistical data so that our partners also understand how often people use the services, so that they, too, may provide you with an optimal experience.
manner of collection of the information
in the use of the nexapp technologies website, as you navigate through the nexapp technologies website, the company may collect different types of information as detailed above.
you understand that the information collected by the company, may be collected directly or through tracking of your usage of the nexapp technologies website. the usage details may include ip addresses, details of your computer equipment, browser, location, connections, any information that the company may collect through the use of cookies and other tracking technologies.  the collection of data may in most cases be automatic.
“cookies” are files that would be placed in your system’s hard drive and are intended to improve your user experience, by enabling the company to track your usage and preference. these cookies may track your usage of the nexapp technologies website, advertisements and links that you visit and other user data. most cookies the company uses are limited to a session, which mean they will be automatically deleted when your session closes.  you may decline these cookies by changing your browser settings, if permitted, however do note that this may impact certain features of the nexapp technologies website or your user experience in using the nexapp technologies website.
advertisements on the nexapp technologies website may be posted by third-party advertisers, and such third parties may use cookies and other automatic tracking technologies to collect information about you, including but not limited to web behavioural information and patterns.  the company does not control nor takes any responsibility for such third parties, their collection and use of information or their tracking technologies or how they may be used.
you also may provide information to be published or displayed or posted on the nexapp technologies website, or transmitted to other users of the nexapp technologies website or third parties. any such information is posted or transmitted to others at your own risk. please be aware that the company cannot control the actions of other users of the nexapp technologies website with whom you may choose to share information with.
use of your information
the information that we collect on the nexapp technologies website will be used for the purposes of operating the nexapp technologies website, facilitating your use of the nexapp technologies website or for other business purposes of the company. the information including any user information will be made available to other users of the nexapp technologies website at the company’s discretion.
except as otherwise provided herein, no personally identifiable information will be disclosed or shared with any third party without your express consent.
please do not include any personal information, personally identifiable information or sensitive personal information unless specifically requested by the company as part of the registration or other applicable processes. if the company determines that any information you have provided or uploaded violates the terms of this policy, the company has the right, in its absolute discretion, to delete or destroy such information without incurring any liability to you
you agree that your personal information may be used to contact you and deliver information or targeted advertisements including but not limited to sending sms or any communication through electronic medium on the various products and services offered by the company, administrative notices and any other communication relevant to your use of the nexapp technologies website.  if you do not wish to receive these communications, you can at any time change your profile settings.
disclosure of your information
the user information you provide on the nexapp technologies website may be disclosed by the company to the other users on the nexapp technologies website, the company’s agents, employees, third party advertisers, subsidiaries and affiliates, or to other third party service providers of the company who require the information for the purposes of operating and maintaining the nexapp technologies website.
the company will comply with requests and directions of all governmental, law enforcement or regulatory authorities, which it believes in good faith to be in accordance with any applicable law. such compliance may include providing user information, personally identifiable information or any other information to such agency or authority.  by providing any information on the nexapp technologies website, you consent to the company providing such information to any governmental, law enforcement or regulatory authorities who exercise jurisdiction over the company and the nexapp technologies website.
data security
the information that you provide, subject to disclosure in accordance with this policy shall be maintained in a safe and secure manner.
as a user of the nexapp technologies website, you have the responsibility to ensure data security. you should use the nexapp technologies website in a responsible manner. do not share your username or password with any person. you are solely responsible for all acts done under the username you are registered under.
given the nature of internet transactions, the company does not take any responsibility for the transmission of information including user information to the nexapp technologies website. any transmission of user information on the internet is done at your risk. the company does not take any responsibility for you or any third party circumventing the privacy settings or security measures contained on the nexapp technologies website.
while the company will use all reasonable efforts to ensure that your user information and other information submitted by you is safe and secure, it offers no representation, warranties or other assurances that the security measures are adequate, safe, fool proof or impenetrable.
accessing and updating your information
you may change, alter of otherwise modify or update your user information at any time by accessing the nexapp technologies website using your registered username and accessing your user account.
you may also change and/or delete any of the information you have submitted. do note however, the company reserves the rights to save any usage information and you are not entitled to seek the deletion of the same.
the company at its sole discretion may permit or deny the change of any information, if it believes the same is required for compliance with applicable laws.
age restrictions
the nexapp technologies website is only intended for users who are of 18 years of age or older and otherwise competent to enter into binding contracts. if you are not of the requisite age or otherwise unable to enter into binding contracts, you are not to provide any user information or other information. if it comes to the company’s attention that any user information or information pertains to an individual under the age of 18 years or otherwise not eligible to enter into binding contracts, such user information or information will be deleted without notice to you.
limitation of liability
the aggregate liability of the company to you or anyone, whether in contract, tort, negligence or otherwise, howsoever arising, whether in connection with this privacy policy, your access and use of the nexapp technologies website and its contents and functionalities shall not exceed rs. 1000/- (inr rupees one thousand only).  in no event shall the company be liable for any loss of profits (anticipated or real), loss of business, loss of reputation, loss of data, loss of goodwill, any business interruption or any direct, indirect, special, incidental, consequential, punitive, tort or other damages, however caused, whether or not it has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
amendments to the privacy policy
this privacy policy is subject to change at the company’s sole discretion. any changes to this privacy policy will be notified by a notice on the home page
governing law
the privacy policy is governed by the laws of india (without regard to its conflict of laws principles). you irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the competent courts located at pune, maharashtra, india for all disputes arising out of or relating to the terms of use. subject to the foregoing, all disputes arising out of or in connection with this terms of use shall be settled in accordance with the rules of arbitration and conciliation act, 1996. the parties shall mutually appoint a sole arbitrator to conduct the arbitration proceedings. the seat and venue of arbitration shall be pune and the language for arbitration shall be english
nexapp technologies is an india-based company focused on sd-wan, the internet of things (iot) and the edge computing solutions for b2b, m2m and iot headquartered in pune, india.
services
last mile services
site deployment
network management
solution
instaroute sd-wan
instaroute sd-branch
instaroute sd-iot
network security
company
about
career
get in touch
social
let's get in touch
020 6762 9999
sales@nexapp.co.in
email *
