solutionsmetering managementdemand responseasset managementdeployment managementmulti-mesh network
metering management
demand response
asset management
deployment management
multi-mesh network
productsintelameterload shedding endpointsnetwork infrastructureenterprise softwarehome productsmobile deployment
intelameter
load shedding endpoints
network infrastructure
enterprise software
home products
mobile deployment
services
partners
about usleadership teamboard of directorsmanufacturingcareerscontact us
leadership team
board of directors
manufacturing
careers
contact us
news
nexgrid > privacy policy
privacy policy
last updated february 23, 2010information we collect and how we use itpersonal information								  you may choose to provide personal information (such as your name, 								  address, telephone number and email address) on this web site. here are 								  some of the ways you may provide the information and the types of 								  information you may submit. we also tell you how we may use the 								  information.contact us								  if you email us through the "contact us" link on this site, we ask you for 								  information such as your name and email address so we can respond to your 								  questions and comments. you may choose to provide additional information 								  as well.investor communications e-mail alerts								  if you would like to receive company news alerts from the nexgrid 								  investor communications staff, we ask for your name and email address so 								  we can send you the news alerts.questionnaires and surveys								  we occasionally may ask visitors to our web site to complete online 								  surveys and opinion polls about their activities, attitudes and interests. 								  these surveys help us serve you better and improve the usefulness of our 								  site. in conducting these surveys we may ask you for your name and email 								  address. we do not keep any personal information about you in connection 								  with your participation in a ge.com survey unless you specifically agree 								  to provide that information.non-personal information								  we collect certain aggregate and non-personal information when you visit 								  this web site. aggregate and non-personal information does not relate to a 								  single identifiable visitor. it tells us such things as how many users 								  visited our site and the pages accessed. by collecting this information, 								  we learn how to best tailor our web site to our visitors. we collect this 								  information either through "cookie" technology or with "web beacons," as 								  explained below.cookies								  like many companies, we use browser cookies on this web site. browser 								  cookies are bits of text that are placed on your computer's hard drive 								  when you visit certain web sites. we use browser cookies to tell us, for 								  example, whether you've visited us before or if you're a new visitor and 								  to help us identify site features in which you may have the greatest 								  interest. browser cookies may enhance your online experience by saving 								  your preferences while you are visiting a particular site. the "help" 								  portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to stop 								  accepting new browser cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new 								  browser cookie, and how to disable existing browser cookies. remember 								  though, without browser cookies, you may not be able to take full 								  advantage of all our web site features. we also use flash cookies on our 								  web site to enhance your online experience. flash cookies are similar to 								  browser cookies, except that they can store data more complex than simple 								  text. flash cookies, by themselves, cannot do anything to or with the data 								  on your computer. in addition, flash cookies cannot access or remember 								  your email address or other personal information unless you provide the 								  information on this site. we use flash cookies to provide you with a 								  better user experience. information we share								  we do not sell or otherwise disclose personal information about our web 								  site visitors, except as described here. we may share information provided 								  by our visitors to ge.com with service providers we have retained to 								  perform services on our behalf. these service providers are contractually 								  restricted from using or disclosing the information except as necessary to 								  perform services on our behalf or to comply with legal requirements. in 								  addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to 								  do so by law or legal process, (ii) to law enforcement authorities or 								  other government officials, or (iii) when we believe disclosure is 								  necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss or in 								  connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.								  we reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the 								  event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. 								  should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to 								  direct the transferee to use personal information you have provided 								  through this web site in a manner that is consistent with this privacy 								  statement.								  information we transfer								  we may transfer the personal information we collect on this site to other 								  countries where we do business, but we will do so only for the purposes 								  described above. when we transfer your information to other countries, we 								  will protect that information as described here unless otherwise required 								  by applicable laws.links to other sites								  we provide links to other web sites for your convenience and information. 								  these sites may have their own privacy statements in place, which we 								  recommend you review if you visit any linked web sites. we are not 								  responsible for the content of linked sites or any use of the sites.children's privacy								  this web site is not directed to children under the age of thirteen and we 								  do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age 								  of thirteen on the site. if we become aware that we have inadvertently 								  received personal information from a visitor under the age of thirteen on 								  the site, we will delete the information from our records.how we protect personal information								  we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect 								  against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the 								  personal information you provide on this web site. we use secure socket 								  layer (ssl) technology to help keep the personal information you provide 								  on this site secure.updates to our privacy statement								  this privacy statement may be updated periodically and without prior 								  notice to you to reflect changes in our online information practices. we 								  will post a prominent notice on this web site to notify you of any 								  significant changes to our privacy statement and indicate at the top of 								  the statement when it was most recently updated.how to contact us								  if you have any questions or comments about this privacy statement, or if 								  you would like us to update information we have about you or your 								  preferences, please contact us by:								  calling us at +1 (888) 556-0911 or 								  writing us at:								  nexgrid llc								  4444 germanna hwy.								  suite 330								  locust grove, va. 22508
