matching products or accessories
cameras                                      cameras     mirrorless     dslr     point & shoot     view all cameras
mirrorless
dslr
point & shoot
view all cameras
lenses                                      lenses     mirrorless lenses     dslr lenses     view all lenses
mirrorless lenses
dslr lenses
view all lenses
sport optics                                      sport optics     binoculars     rangefinders     fieldscopes
binoculars
rangefinders
fieldscopes
software                                      software     software & apps     firmware updates
software & apps
firmware updates
other                                      other     robotics     flashes     accessories
robotics
flashes
accessories
deals                                      deals     products on sale     refurbished     trade in program     mirrorless camera kits & bundles     view all deals     summer sale
products on sale
refurbished
trade in program
mirrorless camera kits & bundles
view all deals
summer sale
education                                      education     classes     events     articles     videos     livestreaming events     nikon ambassadors     view all education
classes
events
articles
videos
livestreaming events
nikon ambassadors
view all education
nps
support                                      support     support home     product support     product registration     factory maintenance     product repair     product advisories
support home
product support
product registration
factory maintenance
product repair
product advisories
news
my account unrecognized my account unrecognized     welcome, guestmy account  sign in or create an account to access your information. sign in create an account  my account email preferences wish list orders sign out
sign in or create an account to access your information.
my account
email preferences
wish list
orders
sign out
cart 0 items   cart 0 items               0  your cart is empty   see all  products in your cart  view cart
your cart is empty
view cart
nikon inc. privacy policy
updated december 13, 2021
please read this privacy policy carefully before using a nikon owned website, as defined below in this privacy policy.  when you use a nikon owned website you are subject to this privacy policy. do not use any nikon owned website or any other communication point, as described below in this privacy policy, if you do not want to be subject to this privacy policy.
this privacy policy applies to all information received by nikon inc. (“nikon,” “we,” “our” or “us”) through various on-line and/or off-line points of communication (collectively, the “communication points”), including but not limited to the following:
this nikon website and any other nikon websites including any of its microsites or subsites (collectively, “nikon owned websites”). nikon owned websites are the property of nikon, its affiliates, and/or its licensors;
nikon’s official/verified pages on social media platforms, as defined in section 6 below, and/or other non-nikon owned websites, as defined in section 6  below, which post a link to a nikon owned website containing this privacy policy; and
other electronic, in-person, hard copy written or other means by which you may provide us with information, such as by requesting a quote for or other information about our products, purchasing products from nikon, by participating in nikon-related contests, sweepstakes and/or other promotions, by redeeming a nikon-related offer, by registering, attending and/or communicating with nikon at trade shows, meetings, conferences or events, by applying for employment, by presenting products for service, and/or by registering your product.
our commitment to privacy
notice to california residents
the information we collect
how we use collected information
who we share information with
links to non-nikon owned sites and social media
online behavioral advertising
do not track signals
our commitment to information security
our commitment to children’s privacy
how to access or update your information
your privacy preferences regarding personally identifiable information – opting in/out
changes to privacy policy
how to contact us
1. our commitment to privacy
nikon recognizes that the protection of information that it receives from you is very important. collecting information allows nikon to better understand and to be more responsive to you, as well as to develop and maintain websites relevant to your needs, and assists us in managing our business better. to better protect your privacy, we provide this notice explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used.
2. notice to california residents
if you are a california resident, you may have additional rights regarding your personal information collected by nikon.  please read the california specific addendum attached to this privacy policy which supplements sections 1 through 14 of this privacy policy (the “addendum”).
3. the information we collect
we collect both non-personally identifiable information, including but not limited to cookies, as defined below, and personally identifiable information, each defined below, that you provide to us through the communication points.
"non-personally identifiable information" is information that, by itself, cannot be used to identify you or to contact you and is information not associated with a specific personal identity. non-personally identifiable information may include information that you, at your option, voluntarily provide us through any of the other communication points such as for example, information such as your hobbies and interests, gender, age, level of education, photographic skill level, research areas of interest, as well as your purchases of and your experience with our products.
non-personally identifiable information also includes information that we (or third parties) collect and/or log automatically from you by tracking your use of the nikon owned websites, using technology and methodology that enables tracking, such as cookies, pixels, web beacons, log files and other tracking technologies (collectively, “cookies”).  a cookie is a small file of information sent by a web server to store on a web browser so it can later be read back from that browser.  information that a cookie collects may include but is not limited to information such as domain type, browser version, service provider, internet protocol address, your geographical location, time spent and web pages visited, as well as information searched for on our nikon owned websites. cookies are used for purposes such as collecting website data; facilitating the functionality of the nikon owned websites; understanding how you interact with our nikon owned websites; analyzing website traffic patterns on an aggregate basis; serving targeted advertising; personalizing website content that you receive; and helping a website recognize a returning visitor for purposes of saving certain preferences that the visitor set while previously browsing the website.
specifically, the following cookies may be used on the nikon-owned websites:
strictly necessary & functional cookies. these cookies are necessary for a website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually set in response to actions on the website made by you.  these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.  these cookies are always active and cannot be disabled.
performance, targeting & social media cookies.
performance cookies. these cookies allow nikon to measure website activity and improve the performance of the website.  if you do not allow these cookies we will not know when and how you have visited our website, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
targeting cookies. these cookies may be used by our advertising partners to build a profile of your interests and show you relevant advertisements on other sites. they are based on uniquely identifying your browser and internet device.  if you do not allow these cookies, you will experience less targeted advertising.
social media cookies. these cookies are set by social media services that we may have added to the website for social sharing.   they are capable of tracking your browser across other sites and building a profile of your interests.  if you do not allow these cookies you may not be able to use or see these sharing tools.
to manage your cookie preferences, please visit the cookie preferences link on a nikon-owned website.
"personally identifiable information" is information collected from the communication points that is associated with a person’s name or personal identity and can be used to identify or contact you. it includes but is not limited to such information as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number (mobile and/or landline), fax number, and credit/debit card information. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from individuals under the age of sixteen.
4. how we use collected information
nikon uses collected information (both personally identifiable information and non-personally identifiable information) to provide you with the goods, services, quotes and/or other information that you request, and also to help us better understand the needs and interests of consumers so that we may more closely meet your needs.
for example, we may use personally identifiable information to help you complete a transaction or order with us, to respond to your inquiries and requests, to provide and update you on our customer services and support, to notify you of promotional or special offers, to communicate with you about our products and services, to allow you to participate in an interactive feature, to invite you to participate in surveys about our products and/or services, to send you information about nikon products, services, promotions, events, firmware or software updates, and service advisories, to suggest how to more effectively use your nikon products and photography, to post reviews or comments that you have submitted to nikon, and/or to help us determine other nikon products, services or information that may be of interest to you (see section 12 below, “your privacy preferences regarding personally identifiable information-opting in/out” regarding communications to you). personally identifiable information in the form of credit/debit card information is used only for payment processing and fraud prevention.
we use non-personally identifiable information to increase the functionality and user friendliness of our nikon owned websites, to improve the design, content and visitor experience of all of our communication points, and/or to deliver interest-based advertising as described in this privacy policy (see section 7 below, “online behavioral advertising” regarding interest-based advertising). we may also use personally identifiable information and/or non-personally identifiable information for research purposes such as analyzing how visitors use and navigate our nikon owned websites, including but not limited to the website visitors come from, the pages they visit on the nikon-owned website, and how long they spend on each page. in addition, we may take your personally identifiable information and make it non-personally identifiable information, either by combining it with information about other individuals (aggregating your information with information about other individuals), or by removing characteristics, such as your name, that make the information personally identifiable to you, i.e., de-personalizing your information. given the nature of this information, there are no restrictions under this privacy policy on nikon’s right to aggregate or de-personalize your personally identifiable information, and use and/or share with third parties the resulting non-personally identifiable information in any way.
5. who we share information with
nikon may disclose personally identifiable information to companies affiliated with nikon, such as our parent company and/or unaffiliated third parties performing services on our behalf or for us or with us, such as agents, service providers, consultants, shippers, processors, vendors and suppliers, for the purposes of enabling them to respond to your requests to us or your purchase of products, services or information; for fulfilling nikon-related contests, sweepstakes, promotions and/or nikon-related offers; assisting us in understanding your needs and interests so that we can better provide you with products, services or information; or for the other purposes discussed above in section 4 of this privacy policy. all such affiliated and unaffiliated parties who have access to personally identifiable information are required by nikon to keep confidential such information and may not use, retain and/or disclose it for any purpose other than to carry out the services they are performing for nikon and as otherwise required by law. except as otherwise stated in this privacy policy, nikon will not share personally identifiable information with third parties without your permission, unless to
comply with any law, subpoena, regulation or court order;
respond to requests from governmental authorities; and/or
help prevent fraud or to protect the safety, rights, property or security of nikon as well as that of third parties.
6. links to non-nikon owned sites
the communication points may include links to and/or from other websites and/or social media platforms which are not owned by nikon and are owned by companies or parties which are either affiliated or unaffiliated with nikon (collectively, “non-nikon owned websites”). these links are provided to you as a matter of convenience and for informational purposes only.  when you access links to or from a non-nikon owned website, you are not on a nikon owned website. we do not endorse or make any representations about non-nikon owned websites, and we are not responsible for and we disclaim all warranties, express or implied, as to the practices, privacy, content or security of such non-nikon owned websites.  you are responsible for reviewing, and we encourage you to review the terms of use, privacy and any other policies of such non-nikon owned websites.
some nikon owned websites include, display and/or host social media buttons, links and other features (collectively, “social media buttons”) that allow you to share your online activities (including but not limited to on nikon owned websites) on third party social media networks such as, for example, facebook, instagram, twitter, linkedin, youtube and others (each, a “social media platform”). if you are logged into one of your social media platform accounts when you visit a nikon owned website, the social media platform may receive information about your visit to the nikon owned website.  your use of social media platforms and your interactions with the social media buttons from a nikon owned website are subject to and governed by the individual privacy policies of each respective social media platform.
7. online behavioral advertising
nikon may participate in targeted advertising, whereby you may receive advertisements that may be of interest to you on nikon owned websites and/or non-nikon owned websites from nikon, third party advertisers or advertising networks. these advertisements are selected based on an assessment of your on-line browsing behavior, search activities and/or demographic information.  we do not share personally identifiable information for this purpose.
if you receive a behaviorally targeted advertisement as stated above, you may click on the icon displayed on the advertisement to receive more information, including instructions for opting out from receiving further advertisements from that particular advertising network.  your opt-out choices may depend on your specific device or browser settings and some websites or browsers may have different features regarding your ability to choose which ads to display or opt out from receiving.  please refer to the applicable website that you are visiting for additional information.
for ad networks or other third parties who follow the digital advertising alliance’s (“daa”) self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising, or who are members of the network advertising initiative (“nai”), you can opt-out of receiving targeted ads from such parties by visiting the opt-out pages on the daa website at www.aboutads.info/choices/ and/or the nai website at www.networkadvertising.org/choices/.
8. do not track signals
some web browsers may have a “do not track” option that allows you to opt out of having your on-line activities tracked. as a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed regarding this technology, the nikon owned websites are not currently set up to respond to this feature, and we do not take action to respond to such “do not track” signals.
9. our commitment to information security
information security is important at nikon, and while no security measure is perfect or impenetrable and we cannot guarantee the security of the information that you provide to us, you can be assured that we maintain physical, electronic and administrative measures and safeguards and periodically review these security measures and safeguards to protect your personally identifiable information from unauthorized or inappropriate access and use.
10. our commitment to children’s privacy
our communication points are not intended for or directed at individuals under the age of sixteen (16), and we do not knowingly solicit or collect personal information from or about individuals under the age of sixteen (16). if we learn that we have collected or received personal information from an individual under the age of sixteen (16) without parental consent and verification, we will delete that information.  should any parent or guardian discover that his/her child has provided personal information to nikon, please contact nikon at  https://www.nikonusa.com/en/about-nikon/contact-us.page to have such information deleted from our records. if you are a california consumer, please see the addendum for more information concerning personal information of individuals under the age of sixteen (16).
11. how to access, edit, delete or update your information
you can access, edit, delete, and update any personally identifiable information that you provided to us by visiting your profile page on www.nikonusa.com (if you are a registered user) or by visiting https://www.nikonusa.com/en/about-nikon/contact-us.page.  to contact us by telephone or email.  if you are a california consumer, to exercise your rights under this section 11, please follow the instructions set forth in the addendum. to protect your privacy and security, we will also take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to edit or update your personally identifiable information.
12. your privacy preferences -opting in/out
you can opt out of receiving promotional communications from nikon by notifying us that you do not wish to receive such information by visiting your profile page on nikonusa.com (if you are a registered user), by visiting https://www.nikonusa.com/en/about-nikon/contact-us.page and then contacting us either by following the instructions to contact us by email (by completing the form displayed), or by telephone (at the number displayed).  please note that if you have opted out of receiving promotional communications from us, nikon may still send you non-promotional communications (such as, for example, information about your accounts or purchases).
for nevada residents, nikon does not currently sell personal information as defined under nevada law. however, nevada law gives nevada consumers the right to request that a company not sell their personal information, even if their information is not currently being sold. if you are a nevada consumer and wish to exercise this right, please submit your request by visiting https://www.nikonusa.com/en/about-nikon/contact-us.page and then contacting us either by email (by completing the form displayed) or by telephone (at the number displayed).
13. changes to privacy policy.
by visiting any of the communication points, or otherwise providing nikon with your information, you are subject to this privacy policy and thus consent to our collection and use of your information as set forth in this privacy policy. we reserve the right to amend this privacy policy at our discretion and at any time. when we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post the updated notice on the applicable nikon-owned website and update the notice’s effective date. your continued use of our nikon-owned website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
14. how to contact us
if you have any questions, comments or concerns with respect to our privacy practices or this privacy policy statement, please feel free to contact us at nikon inc., 1300 walt whitman road, melville, new york 11747, attention: legal department.
nikon inc. privacy policycalifornia-specific addendum
updated december 13, 2021
if you are a california consumer within the meaning of the california consumer privacy act of 2018, as may be amended (“ccpa”), this california-specific addendum applies to you. this california-specific addendum supplements our privacy policy to which this california-specific addendum is attached (the “privacy policy”) and prevails over any conflicting provisions in the privacy policy (this california-specific addendum and the privacy policy, together, the “california privacy policy”).
california personal information we collect
we collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“california personal information”). in particular, we have collected the following categories of california personal information within the last twelve (12) months:
b. personal information categories listed in the california customer records statute (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e)).
name, signature, social security number, physical characteristics or description, address, telephone number, passport number, driver’s license or state identification card number, insurance policy number, education, employment, employment history, bank account number, credit card number, debit card number, or any other financial information, medical information, or health insurance information.
yes
c. protected classification characteristics under california or federal law.
for the above categories (a) - (k), we obtain california personal information from a variety of sources.
these sources include:
yourself, with respect to both online and offline interactions you may have with us or our service providers;
other entities with whom you transact or with whom you maintain relationships who may deal with us on your behalf;
the devices you use to access our websites, mobile applications, and online services;
identity verification and fraud prevention services;
marketing and analytics providers; public databases; social media platforms; and
other sources consistent with this california privacy policy.
please note california personal information does not include publicly available information from government records, de-identified or aggregate consumer information, and personal information protected by certain other sector-specific federal or california statutes.
our use of california personal information
for the above categories (a) – (k), we use the california personal information we collect for the business purposes disclosed within this california privacy policy.
these business purposes include:
audits and reporting relating to particular transactions and interactions, including online interactions, you may have with us or others on our behalf;
detecting and protecting against security incidents, and malicious, deceptive, fraudulent or illegal activity, and prosecuting the same;
debugging to identify and repair errors in our systems;
short-term, transient use including contextual customization of ads;
providing services on our behalf or on behalf of another, including creating, maintaining or servicing accounts; providing customer service and support; fulfilling transactions; verifying identity information; processing payments; and other services;
conducting internal research to develop and demonstrate technology;
conducting activity to verify, enhance, and maintain the quality or safety of services or devices which we may own, control, or provide;
to personalize your experience with us;
to better understand the needs and interests of consumers so we may more closely meet your needs and interests;
to respond to your questions and requests;
to notify you of promotional or special offers concerning our products and/or services;
to allow you to participate in contests and/or sweepstakes and/or other interactive features and for us to communicate with you with respect to them;
to allow you to post reviews or comments about our products and/or services;
as part of our recruitment and employment activities including conducting interviews and background checks;
to invite you to participate in surveys about our products and/or services; and
to comply with applicable laws and regulations.
sharing of california personal information
disclosure of california personal information for business purposeswithin the last twelve (12) months, we have disclosed california personal information identified in the above categories (a)-(k) for our business purposes, to our service providers; to our affiliates; and/or to any other third party to whom you or your agents have authorized us to disclose your personal information in connection with the nikon products and/or services provided to you. to learn more about the categories of third parties with whom we share such information, please see section 5 of the privacy policy.
within the last twelve (12) months, we have disclosed california personal information identified in the above categories (a)-(k) for our business purposes, to our service providers; to our affiliates; and/or to any other third party to whom you or your agents have authorized us to disclose your personal information in connection with the nikon products and/or services provided to you. to learn more about the categories of third parties with whom we share such information, please see section 5 of the privacy policy.
sale of california personal informationwithin the last twelve (12) months, within the meaning of the ccpa, we have not sold any california personal information identified in categories (a)-(k) above.we do not disclose california personal information of individuals we know to be under the age of sixteen (16) to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration as a “sale” under the ccpa without affirmative authorization.  if you are an individual under the age of sixteen (16), please do not submit any california personal information to us unless we have received the affirmative authorization described in the “right to opt out and right to opt in” section f below in this california specific addendum.
within the last twelve (12) months, within the meaning of the ccpa, we have not sold any california personal information identified in categories (a)-(k) above.we do not disclose california personal information of individuals we know to be under the age of sixteen (16) to third parties for monetary or other valuable consideration as a “sale” under the ccpa without affirmative authorization.  if you are an individual under the age of sixteen (16), please do not submit any california personal information to us unless we have received the affirmative authorization described in the “right to opt out and right to opt in” section f below in this california specific addendum.
california rights and choices
you have certain rights related to your california personal information. you may exercise these rights free of charge except as otherwise provided by applicable law. we endeavor to respond to your request promptly upon verification and as required by applicable law.
right to know/portabilityyou have the right to request that we disclose to you:the categories of california personal information we have collected about you;the categories of sources from which the california personal information is collected;our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling california personal information;the categories of third parties with whom we share california personal information; andthe specific pieces of information we have collected about you. to protect your privacy and security, we may redact this information to the extent it is sensitive personal information.to the extent that we sell your california personal information within the meaning of the ccpa or disclose such information for a business purpose, you may request that we disclose to you:the categories of california personal information that we have collected about you;the categories of california personal information about you that we have sold within the meaning of the ccpa and the categories of third parties to whom the california personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the california personal information was sold; andthe categories of california personal information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose.
you have the right to request that we disclose to you:
the categories of california personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources from which the california personal information is collected;
our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling california personal information;
the categories of third parties with whom we share california personal information; and
the specific pieces of information we have collected about you. to protect your privacy and security, we may redact this information to the extent it is sensitive personal information.
to the extent that we sell your california personal information within the meaning of the ccpa or disclose such information for a business purpose, you may request that we disclose to you:
the categories of california personal information that we have collected about you;
the categories of california personal information about you that we have sold within the meaning of the ccpa and the categories of third parties to whom the california personal information was sold, by category or categories of personal information for each third party to whom the california personal information was sold; and
the categories of california personal information about you that we disclosed for a business purpose.
right to deleteyou have the right to request that we delete california personal information about you which we have collected from you. we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal. penal code § 1546 et. seq.).engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.comply with a legal obligation.make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
you have the right to request that we delete california personal information about you which we have collected from you. we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal. penal code § 1546 et. seq.).
engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
comply with a legal obligation.
make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.
how to submit a requestyou may request to exercise these rights by:by completing our rights request form available by clicking here.orby calling us toll-free at 877-589-0493.
you may request to exercise these rights by:
by completing our rights request form available by clicking here.or
by calling us toll-free at 877-589-0493.
verifiable requestas required under applicable law, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. we may require you to provide information sufficient to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information and to describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.  for example, we may request that you provide us with at least two data points that match those that we maintain about you; or, for highly sensitive information, we may require that we match three pieces of personal information you provide to us with personal information we maintain about you, together with obtaining a signed declaration from you confirming that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. requests for deletion of sensitive data may require more stringent verification and that you reconfirm your identity before deletion. we may deny a request or limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law.
as required under applicable law, we take steps to verify your identity before granting you access to information or acting on your request to exercise your rights. we may require you to provide information sufficient to allow us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information and to describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.  for example, we may request that you provide us with at least two data points that match those that we maintain about you; or, for highly sensitive information, we may require that we match three pieces of personal information you provide to us with personal information we maintain about you, together with obtaining a signed declaration from you confirming that you are the consumer whose personal information is the subject of the request. requests for deletion of sensitive data may require more stringent verification and that you reconfirm your identity before deletion. we may deny a request or limit our response to your exercise of the above rights as permitted under applicable law.
agent authorization and disability accessyou may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. you may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. as permitted by law, we may require additional verification in response to a request even if you choose to use an agent. unless the agent provides us with a valid power of attorney, we may require a consumer to verify their identity with us separately. you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. you may make such a designation by providing the agent with written permission to act on your behalf. as permitted by law, we may require additional verification in response to a request even if you choose to use an agent. unless the agent provides us with a valid power of attorney, we may require a consumer to verify their identity with us separately. you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child.
right to opt out and right to opt in (do not sell my personal information)although we are not currently selling california personal information, if you are sixteen (16) years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your california personal information at any time should our practices change in the future (the “right to opt out”). and this election shall be effective for a period of twelve (12) months. we do not sell the california personal information of consumers we actually know are younger than sixteen (16) years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt in”) from either the consumer who is between thirteen (13) and sixteen (16) years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer younger than thirteen (13) years of age. consumers who opt-in to california personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.to submit an opt-out request, please complete our rights request form available by clicking here.
although we are not currently selling california personal information, if you are sixteen (16) years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your california personal information at any time should our practices change in the future (the “right to opt out”). and this election shall be effective for a period of twelve (12) months. we do not sell the california personal information of consumers we actually know are younger than sixteen (16) years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the “right to opt in”) from either the consumer who is between thirteen (13) and sixteen (16) years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer younger than thirteen (13) years of age. consumers who opt-in to california personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
to submit an opt-out request, please complete our rights request form available by clicking here.
nondiscrimination and financial incentives
we will not discriminate against you because of your exercise of any of the above rights, or any other rights under the ccpa, including by:
denying you goods or services;
charging different prices or rates for goods or services, including through the use of discounts or other benefits or imposing penalties;
providing you a different level or quality of goods or services; or
suggesting that you will receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
however, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the ccpa that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. any ccpa-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information’s value and contain written terms that describe the program’s material aspects. participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time. we currently do not provide any financial incentive programs.
other california privacy rights
california do not track disclosureour websites, apps and other online services are not designed to respond to “do not track” requests from website browsers.
our websites, apps and other online services are not designed to respond to “do not track” requests from website browsers.
other california privacy rightsunder california’s “shine the light” law (civil code section § 1798.83), if you are a california resident, you may, one time per calendar year, request a notice regarding the categories of personally identifiable information disclosed by nikon (if any) during the immediately preceding twelve (12)-month period to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, and the name and address of any such third parties.  to obtain such a notice, please send a written request by postal mail to nikon inc., 1300 walt whitman road, melville, new york 11747, attention: legal department.
under california’s “shine the light” law (civil code section § 1798.83), if you are a california resident, you may, one time per calendar year, request a notice regarding the categories of personally identifiable information disclosed by nikon (if any) during the immediately preceding twelve (12)-month period to third parties for their own direct marketing purposes, and the name and address of any such third parties.  to obtain such a notice, please send a written request by postal mail to nikon inc., 1300 walt whitman road, melville, new york 11747, attention: legal department.
changes to this california-specific addendum
we reserve the right to amend this california-specific addendum at our discretion and at any time. when we make changes to this california-specific addendum, we will post the update notice on the applicable nikon-owned website and update the notice’s effective date. your continued use of our nikon-owned website following the posting of changes constitutes your acceptance of such changes.
contact information
you may contact us with questions or concerns about our privacy policies or practices and your choices and rights under california law by visiting https://www.nikonusa.com/en/about-nikon/contact-us.page and then completing the form to contact us by email; or by contacting us in writing at nikon inc., 1300 walt whitman road, melville, new york 11747, attention: legal department.
back to top
stay up on all things nikon.
by clicking sign up, you are opting to receive promotional, educational, e-commerce and product registration emails from nikon inc. you can update your preferences or unsubscribe any time.
thanks for signing up!! submit again






about nikon
press room
careers
corporate social responsibility
sponsorship requests
corporate profile
nikon ambassadors
events
contact
tools & downloads
nikon camera apps
software & firmware updates
manuals
nikon image space
download adobe reader
shopping help
order status
shopping faq
returns
financing
warranty program
gray market warning
nikon authorized dealers - imaging (pdf)
nikon authorized dealers - sport optics (pdf)
policies & warranties
privacy policy
terms of sale
terms of use
cookie settings
do not sell my personal information
nikon americas
nikon global
sitemap
