privacy & cookies
when you use our services, you’re trusting us with your information. we want to protect your information and put you in control, by informing you what’s collected and how it’s used.
need help with your project?
introduction
this website ("noa-labs.com") is operated by noa labs (shenzhen) ltd., room 401, building c, yiou international technology park, no. 1, liyuan 2nd road, zhancheng community, fuhai street, baoan district, shenzhen, guangdong, china ("noa labs"). at noa labs (“we,” “our,” or “us”), your privacy is our primary concern. we respect the privacy of our online visitors, and we are committed to creating a safe and confidential environment while you use our site. to demonstrate this commitment, we have adopted this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) which is designed to tell you, in simple terms, what kinds of information we collect from you through our site and how we may use it.
questions
if you have any questions or concerns about this policy, please email us at info@noa-labs.com or write to us at noa labs (shenzhen) ltd., attn. legal department, room 401, building c, yiou international technology park, no. 1, liyuan 2nd road, zhancheng community, fuhai street, baoan district, shenzhen, guangdong, china.
what does this policy apply to?
this website ("noa-labs.com") is operated by noa labs (shenzhen) ltd., room 401, building c, yiou international technology park, no. 1, liyuan 2nd road, zhancheng community, fuhai street, baoan district, shenzhen, guangdong, china ("noa labs"). at noa labs (“we,” “our,” or “us”), your privacy is our primary concern. we respect the privacy of our online visitors. this policy applies to information, if any, provided to us by visitors online through the site and as applicable through social media sites. this policy does not cover any information that may be collected by noa labs offline. it also does not cover information that may be submitted to us solely in a business capacity, such as personal information contained in résumés from job applicants or requests from the media. please be aware that while you are visiting our site, you may be given the opportunity to link to other sites that are maintained by other companies or organizations, such as our clients, and partners. these third party sites are beyond our control. when you link to such a site from our site, this policy no longer applies. we recommend that you read the privacy policy of the website to which you have linked before you provide any personal information to that site. you may also be given the opportunity to link to sites of our subsidiary and affiliate companies. when you link to one of these sites from our site you will be subject to the terms of use and privacy policy of such sites., and we are committed to creating a safe and confidential environment while you use our site. to demonstrate this commitment, we have adopted this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) which is designed to tell you, in simple terms, what kinds of information we collect from you through our site and how we may use it.
do we collect personal information and, if so, how is it used?
no personal information (such as name, email address, or phone number) or demographic information is required to browse our sites. however, if you choose to provide any such information, we will use the information as set out below. we use the personal information gathered from our users internally in connection with the services, including to personalize, provide and improve services, to contact you, to fulfill your requests for certain information or services and to analyze how you use the services. in certain cases we may also share some personal information with third parties, but only as described in this policy. we receive and store any information you knowingly provide to us. for example, if you register with the site, we may collect personal information such as your name, email address, phone number, and third-party account credentials (for example, your log-in credentials for facebook or other third party sites). if you provide your third-party account credentials to us or otherwise sign in to the services through a third party site or service, you understand some content and/or information in those accounts (“third party account information”) may be transmitted into your account with us, and that third party account information transmitted to our services is covered by this policy; for example, facebook. when you participate in various social media forums like facebook, twitter, yammer, pinterest, instagram etc., you should be familiar with and understand the tools provided by those sites that allow you to make choices about how you share the personal information in your social media profile(s). we encourage you to read the applicable privacy notices, terms of use and related information about how your personal information is used in these social media environments. depending on the choices you have made regarding your settings on various social media sites (and/or in combination with your settings on our site), certain personal information may be shared with us about your online activities and social media profiles (e.g. interests, marital status, gender, user name, photo, comments and content you have posted/shared etc.). certain information may be required to register with us or to take advantage of some of our features. we may communicate with you if you’ve provided us the means to do so. for example, if you’ve given us your email address, we may send you promotional email offers on behalf of other businesses, or email you about your use of the services. also, we may receive a notification when you open an email from us. this confirmation helps us make our communications with you more interesting and improve our services.
information collected automatically
whenever you interact with our services, we automatically receive and record information on our server logs from your browser or device, which may include your ip address, device identification, “cookie” information, the type of browser and/or device you’re using to access our services, and the page or feature you requested. “cookies” are identifiers we transfer to your browser or device that allow us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our services are visited and by how many people. you may be able to change the preferences on your browser or device to prevent or limit your device’s acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. our advertising partners may also transmit cookies to your browser or device, when you click on ads that appear on the services. also, if you click on a link to a third party website or service, such third party may also transmit cookies to you. again, this policy does not cover the use of cookies by any third parties, and we aren’t responsible for their privacy policies and practices. we may use this data to customize content for you that we think you might like, based on your usage patterns. we may also use it to improve the services – for example, this data can tell us how often users use a particular feature of the services, and we can use that knowledge to make the services interesting to as many users as possible.
information collected from other websites and do not track policy
through cookies we place on your browser or device, we may collect information about your online activity after you leave our services. just like any other usage information we collect, this information allows us to improve the services and customize your online experience, and otherwise as described in this policy. your browser may offer you a “do not track” option, which allows you to signal to operators of websites and web applications and services (including behavioural advertising services) that you do not wish such operators to track certain of your online activities over time and/or across different websites. our services do not support do not track requests at this time, which means that we collect information about your online activity both while you are using the services and after you leave our services.
do we share information with outside companies?
some personal information may be shared with noa labs subsidiaries and affiliates. in all cases, these subsidiaries and affiliates may not use your personal information for any other purpose other than you have agreed to, including pursuant to this policy. we may engage service providers that act on behalf and under our instructions. these service providers, for example, it service providers that support our infrastructure, may have access to your personal information. we will require such service providers to adopt adequate technical and organizational security measures to ensure the processing of personal information only as instructed by us and for no other purposes. we may anonymize your personal information so that you are not individually identified, and provide that information to our partners. we may also provide aggregate usage information to our partners, who may use such information to understand how often and in what ways people use our services, so that they, too, can provide you with an optimal online experience. however, we never disclose aggregate usage information to a partner in a manner that would identify you personally, as an individual. we may also disclose information in the event of a merger, acquisition, re-organization, bankruptcy, or other similar event, or in the good faith belief that we are required to do so by law or to protect the safety or rights (including intellectual property rights) of noa labs, our business partners, consumers, or the general public.
can you choose how your information is used, or access the information stored about you?
please send an email to info@noa-labs.com with the subject line “privacy” if you would like to do either of the following: (a) view, verify, change, or update your personal information; (b) make general inquiries regarding the information we collect.
children
we do not knowingly collect or maintain personally identifiable information from persons under 13 years of age, and no part of the site is directed at persons under 13. if you are under 13 years of age, then please do not use the website. if we learn that personally identifiable information has been collected from persons less than 13 years of age without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. to make such a request, please contact us at info@noa-labs.com.
what are you agreeing to when you use our sites, and how are you notified of changes to this privacy policy?
by using our site, you acknowledge that you have read and agree to the terms of this policy. if you do not agree to these terms, please do not use our site. we reserve the right to make changes to this policy at any time. if we make any changes, we will update the effective date of the policy or post the date the most recent updates or revisions were made.please check back periodically to ensure that you are aware of these changes. your inaction or continued use of our site after these changes are posted will signify your acceptance of the new or revised policy. if we make a material change to this policy (for example, we want to collect and use your information in ways not previously disclosed in this policy or that could not be reasonably expected by you), we will notify you by posting a prominent notice about the change on our site or in this policy and, if necessary or appropriate, providing you with certain choices before any such change goes into effect.
noa labs may revise this policy by updating this postingversion 1.2 february 18, 2022
noa labs designs, develops, and delivers hardware and iot products hassle-free.
see our glowing reviews on
we care about your data, and we'd use cookies only to improve your experience. by using this website, you accept out cookies policy.
