
productsproducts backlow power cellular iotlow power cellular iot backoverviewproductsoptimize for low powerdevelopment toolsapplicationswhat is cellular iot?certificationsconnectivity partners3rd party modulesdect nr+wi-fibluetooth low energybluetooth low energy backproductsdevelopment hardwaredevelopment softwaredevelopment toolswhat is bluetooth low energy?matterfind my networkreference designs3rd party modulesmorebluetooth le audiobluetooth le audio backoverviewproductsdevelopment hardwaredevelopment softwaredevelopment toolsbluetooth direction findingbluetooth meshbluetooth mesh backproductsdevelopment hardwaredevelopment softwaredevelopment toolswhat is bluetooth mesh?3rd party modulesmorematterthreadthread backproductsdevelopment hardwaredevelopment softwaredevelopment toolsmatterwhat is thread?3rd party moduleszigbeezigbee backproductsdevelopment hardwaredevelopment softwaredevelopment toolswhat is zigbee?3rd party modulesmoreant and 2.4 ghz proprietaryant and 2.4 ghz proprietary backant2.4 ghz proprietary3rd party modulesrange extenderspower managementcloud servicescloud services backlocation servicesfota
products back
low power cellular iotlow power cellular iot backoverviewproductsoptimize for low powerdevelopment toolsapplicationswhat is cellular iot?certificationsconnectivity partners3rd party modules
low power cellular iot back
overview
products
optimize for low power
development tools
applications
what is cellular iot?
certifications
connectivity partners
3rd party modules
dect nr+
wi-fi
bluetooth low energybluetooth low energy backproductsdevelopment hardwaredevelopment softwaredevelopment toolswhat is bluetooth low energy?matterfind my networkreference designs3rd party modulesmore
bluetooth low energy back
products
development hardware
development software
development tools
what is bluetooth low energy?
matter
find my network
reference designs
3rd party modules
more
bluetooth le audiobluetooth le audio backoverviewproductsdevelopment hardwaredevelopment softwaredevelopment tools
bluetooth le audio back
overview
products
development hardware
development software
development tools
bluetooth direction finding
bluetooth meshbluetooth mesh backproductsdevelopment hardwaredevelopment softwaredevelopment toolswhat is bluetooth mesh?3rd party modulesmore
bluetooth mesh back
products
development hardware
development software
development tools
what is bluetooth mesh?
3rd party modules
more
matter
threadthread backproductsdevelopment hardwaredevelopment softwaredevelopment toolsmatterwhat is thread?3rd party modules
thread back
products
development hardware
development software
development tools
matter
what is thread?
3rd party modules
zigbeezigbee backproductsdevelopment hardwaredevelopment softwaredevelopment toolswhat is zigbee?3rd party modulesmore
zigbee back
products
development hardware
development software
development tools
what is zigbee?
3rd party modules
more
ant and 2.4 ghz proprietaryant and 2.4 ghz proprietary backant2.4 ghz proprietary3rd party modules
ant and 2.4 ghz proprietary back
ant
2.4 ghz proprietary
3rd party modules
range extenders
power management
cloud servicescloud services backlocation servicesfota
cloud services back
location services
fota
newsnews backnews releasesnews archivewireless quartergetconnected blogeventswebinars
news back
news releases
news archive
wireless quarter
getconnected blog
events
webinars
supportsupport backtech supportnordic developer academydocumentationnordic partnersnordic partners backdesign partnerssolution partnersdistribution partnersmodule partnersapplicationsget startedquality managementreport product security vulnerabilities
support back
tech support
nordic developer academy
documentation
nordic partnersnordic partners backdesign partnerssolution partnersdistribution partnersmodule partners
nordic partners back
design partners
solution partners
distribution partners
module partners
applications
get started
quality management
report product security vulnerabilities
investorsinvestors backinvestor relationsinvestor relations backinvestor relations policyreports and presentations
investors back
investor relationsinvestor relations backinvestor relations policyreports and presentations
investor relations back
investor relations policy
reports and presentations
companycompany backabout nordic semiconductorabout nordic semiconductor backcorporate governancepolicies and statementsboard of directorsmanagementinvestor relationsinvestor relations backinvestor relations policyreports and presentationscontact uscontact us backcontact formvisit usfind a distributorcareercareer backopen positionsworking at nordicstudents & graduatesrecruitment processpositions for ukrainian refugeescorporate social responsibilitycorporate social responsibility backanti-corruptionconflict mineralsenvironmental managementhealth and safetyhuman rights and labor rightswhistleblower programprivacyprivacy backprivacy policymarketing and cookie usequality managementquality management backproduct security vulnerabilities infoinformation security management
company back
about nordic semiconductorabout nordic semiconductor backcorporate governancepolicies and statementsboard of directorsmanagement
about nordic semiconductor back
corporate governance
policies and statements
board of directors
management
investor relationsinvestor relations backinvestor relations policyreports and presentations
investor relations back
investor relations policy
reports and presentations
contact uscontact us backcontact formvisit usfind a distributor
contact us back
contact form
visit us
find a distributor
careercareer backopen positionsworking at nordicstudents & graduatesrecruitment processpositions for ukrainian refugees
career back
open positions
working at nordic
students & graduates
recruitment process
positions for ukrainian refugees
corporate social responsibilitycorporate social responsibility backanti-corruptionconflict mineralsenvironmental managementhealth and safetyhuman rights and labor rightswhistleblower program
corporate social responsibility back
anti-corruption
conflict minerals
environmental management
health and safety
human rights and labor rights
whistleblower program
privacyprivacy backprivacy policymarketing and cookie use
privacy back
privacy policy
marketing and cookie use
quality managementquality management backproduct security vulnerabilities infoinformation security management
quality management back
product security vulnerabilities info
information security management

home
privacy
privacy policy
privacy policy
for nordic semiconductor customers and other external parties
version 5, last updated 11 september 2020
we at nordic semiconductor asa (including our subsidiaries) are committed to the protection of your personal data. below you will find information regarding the types of personal data we collect, the reasons and purposes of processing your personal data, as well as your rights.nordic semiconductor has the role of ‘controller’ for the processing of personal data under the covered services (see sec. 1).nordic semiconductor will be ‘joint controller’ with advertisers like facebook, linkedin and google if you consent to us sharing your personal data with an advertising platform for targeted marketing (see sec. 5).
contact information for nordic semiconductor is:mail address: [email protected]postal address: otto nielsens veg 12, 7052 trondheim, norwaytelephone: +47 72 89 89 00organization number: 966 011 726for queries regarding the processing of your personal data, please contact [email protected]
1. which sites and services are covered?
this privacy policy applies to the following web pages:
https://www.nordicsemi.com/
https://devzone.nordicsemi.com/
https://infocenter.nordicsemi.com
https://webinars.nordicsemi.com/
https://nrfcloud.com
2. how we collect personal data
the data we collect about you depends on which of our webpages you use, as well as the information provided to us upon your purchases, registrations and in other contexts.
we collect the data provided by you when you register for our services, subscribe to our news feeds and blogs, complete forms or contact us directly. information is automatically collected when you use our digital channels, such as our web pages.
3. categories of data processed by us
we may process personal information of the following categories:
basic information, such as name, employer, title and contact information that you have submitted to us.
information about your customer relationship with us and any contact with our support services.
information generated by the use of our webpages, such as page visits and downloaded files. you can read more about this in our marketing and cookie policy.
potentially other information processed based on your consent. in such cases, you will receive specific descriptions of what information is processed and what it is used for.
our web pages and digital channels are not meant for nor targeting children under 13 years of age. we do not deliberately process information about minors.if we, to your knowledge are processing information about children under 13 years of age, you may contact us, and we will delete the information from our systems.
4. the purpose and basis of processing your personal data
we process personal data through our webpages, customer relations management system (crm), enterprise resource planning system (erp) and other digital systems.
this is done for the following purposes:
providing services: we process personal information to provide and deliver services to you. for example, we process your information in relation to identification of customers, invoicing and payments, customer service, technical support and customer complaint handling. such processing is neccesarry to fulfil our agreements with you, and/or to provide services at your request.
development and analysis: we process personal data to improve our services and digital channels. such processing is based on legitimate interest.
sales and marketing: we use both anonymized and personal data for marketing purposes. these activities include direct marketing, such as:defining target groups; based on consent (if required)adapting and targeting the marketing; based on consent (if required)distribution of newsletters and other forms of direct marketing; based on consent or another applicable legal basis; andmarketing analysis and customer satisfaction surveys; based on consent and/or legitimate interest.
defining target groups; based on consent (if required)
adapting and targeting the marketing; based on consent (if required)
distribution of newsletters and other forms of direct marketing; based on consent or another applicable legal basis; and
marketing analysis and customer satisfaction surveys; based on consent and/or legitimate interest.
information security: we may process personal information to ensure the security of our systems, and to detect and prevent certain types of misuse of our services. such processing is based on a legitimate interest.
legal compliance: we process personal information to meet legislative requirements, for example in relation to accounting and providing information to authorities when required by law. such processing is based on compliance with our legal obligations.
collection and disputes: if our agreement terminates, or if other bases for processing of your personal data therefore lapses and/or if a dispute has arisen between us, the following applies: we do not need to delete your data if we may need it to process it for the purpose of collection of any outstanding amount and/or for the purpose of dispute handling (see gdpr art. 17 (3) e).
other purposes to which you have given consent: we may process your personal information for any other purpose to which you have given us your consent.
5. marketing and use of cookies
we use "cookies" and similar technologies on our digital webpages. see how in our marketing and cookie policy.
6. protecting your information
we prioritize highly the protection of your personal data, and continuously work to safeguard it and other confidential information. our security measures include physical, technical, and organizational measures, use of protective software, it infrastructure, internal and external networks and technical facilities, as well as internal policies and access control.
our security work is based on regular risk assessments and internal controls to ensure that sufficient security measures are imposed to prevent the unauthorized access of personal data. nordic semiconductor is certified to the standard iso27001 information security management system.
7. disclosure of personal data to others
we may disclose personal information to:
data processors: data processors are used to collect, store and in other ways process data on our behalf. in such cases, we have entered into data processing agreements to ensure the security of your information in all phases of the data processing.
in statutory cases, for instance by orders of courts of law or public authorities, according to predefined procedures.
in case of transfer of business, for example as part of a merger, acquisition, sale of our assets or transfer of our services to another company. in this case, you will be notified by email or through our webpages about changes in ownership, use of your personal information, and the choices you may have regarding your personal information.
8. storage period
8.1 general
we only store your personal data for as long as necessary and for the purpose the data was collected, unless a legal requirement demands a longer storage period, or if you have given us your consent to extended storage. see in particular our marketing and cookie policy and below in this section.your personal information will be processed for as long as you have an active relationship with us or our digital channels, or until you request us to delete the information in our systems. we consider a relationship with us as:
being a customer or customer contact of nordic semiconductor;
being registered as a user in developer zone, nrfcloud or any other of our web services;
having given consent to receive marketing material or other notifications from us;
having actively asked to be contacted by us via social media, electronic messages, electronic forms or on exhibitions, seminars, etc.;
having requested to follow us on facebook or another advertising platform, or
been active in our digital channels after giving your consent.
activity has been recorded in our digital channels within the last 24 months,
your contact information or user profile is needed to maintain the relationship to you or your company, or
you have not explicitly withdrawn your consent.
8.2 nrfcloud.com
8.3 devzone.nordicsemi.com
9. your rights when we process your data
you have the right to access, correction, and in some cases deletion of your personal data processed by us. you may also have the right to restrict or object to the processing, as well as the right to data portability. you can read more about the extent of your rights on the web pages of the norwegian data protection authority: www.datatilsynet.no, or on the webpages of other eea/eu data protection authorities.
if our processing is based on your consent, you can always withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data.to assert your rights, please send us a request to [email protected] we will answer your request as soon as possible, and in all cases no later than in 30 days.
10. for california residents
california consumer privacy act (ccpa)
if you are a resident of california usa, the california consumer privacy act will protect you.  this is how:
a)    information. please see section 2, 3, 4 and 5 above for information on categories of information collected and its sources, purposes of the processing, categories of third parties with whom we share personal information and what information we collect.
b)    sale. if you sign up for an account with nrf cloud you may be offered a subscription to a global esim mobile data provider with a time limited roaming service, free of charge. the subscription enables the radio chips that you buy from us to connect to cellular networks in most countries. as you intentionally disclose your information in order to receive the roaming service and the roaming provider does not sell your information, the transfer is not deemed a sale of personal information under the ccpa.
c)    non-discrimination. we do not offer different prices  depending on the amount of data that you provide us with.
d)    contact options. you as a california resident may contact us by: 1. opt-out form 2. toll free phone number: 866-i-opt-out (1-866-467-8688) with a service code 1210#
11. complaints
if you are of the opinion that our processing of your personal data  breaches the terms of this policy, or in other ways  breaches the general data protection regulation (gdpr), you can file a complaint to us by emailing us at [email protected], or directly to the norwegian data protection authority (datatilsynet). however, please contact us first so that we can address your objections and resolve any misunderstandings.
you can find information about how to contact the norwegian data protection authority on their web site: https://www.datatilsynet.no.
12. changes
as our business and tools evolve, we may need to update this policy.
in case of major changes, we may try to contact you directly through available channels, such as e-mail or other digital notifications.
privacy pages
for www.nordicsemi.com
privacy information
nordic semiconductor cares about your privacy
privacy policy
information regarding the types of personal data we collect, the reasons and purposes of processing your personal data, as well as your rights.
marketing and cookie use policy
information about our use of cookies, tracking and related marketing
subscribe to our newsletters!
subscribe to updates
privacy
products
news
events
support
about





