privacy statement
ntt data corporation’s personal information protection policy
ntt data corporation recognizes the importance of personal information and ensures the protection and safeguarding of its customers’ personal information as a fundamental principle of its business and its responsibility to society. accordingly, ntt data has established the personal information protection policy described below and ensures that all its officers, employees, and business partners thoroughly understand and fully comply with the policy.

this privacy statement is not for natural persons who are entitled under the general data protection regulation (gdpr). if you are a customer who is subject to the gdpr, please refer to　privacy statement for gdpr.
1.collection, use, provision,  and entrustment of personal information1personal information shall be collected only after informing the customers of the purpose and obtaining consent for doing so, except when the rights or interests of customers or third parties may be injured. the scope of use of the personal information collected is limited, and, the information shall be handled appropriately within this scope.2personal information collected by ntt data shall not be provided to third parties without prior express consent of the customers, except as required by law or regulation.3ntt data may entrust customers’ personal information with authorized third parties. in all such cases, ntt data shall select the recipient with great care from among those parties that have established a sufficient level of protection of the personal information, and make necessary supervision or otherwise ensure, through a contract,etc. stipulating the level of protection to be observed, that the recipient manages the information properly.
collection, use, provision,  and entrustment of personal information
1personal information shall be collected only after informing the customers of the purpose and obtaining consent for doing so, except when the rights or interests of customers or third parties may be injured. the scope of use of the personal information collected is limited, and, the information shall be handled appropriately within this scope.
personal information shall be collected only after informing the customers of the purpose and obtaining consent for doing so, except when the rights or interests of customers or third parties may be injured. the scope of use of the personal information collected is limited, and, the information shall be handled appropriately within this scope.
2personal information collected by ntt data shall not be provided to third parties without prior express consent of the customers, except as required by law or regulation.
personal information collected by ntt data shall not be provided to third parties without prior express consent of the customers, except as required by law or regulation.
3ntt data may entrust customers’ personal information with authorized third parties. in all such cases, ntt data shall select the recipient with great care from among those parties that have established a sufficient level of protection of the personal information, and make necessary supervision or otherwise ensure, through a contract,etc. stipulating the level of protection to be observed, that the recipient manages the information properly.
ntt data may entrust customers’ personal information with authorized third parties. in all such cases, ntt data shall select the recipient with great care from among those parties that have established a sufficient level of protection of the personal information, and make necessary supervision or otherwise ensure, through a contract,etc. stipulating the level of protection to be observed, that the recipient manages the information properly.
2.disclosure, correction, discontinuance of use, etc. of personal informationntt data shall accommodate requests for disclosure, correction, discontinuance of use, etc. of customers’ personal information promptly within a reasonable scope.
disclosure, correction, discontinuance of use, etc. of personal information
ntt data shall accommodate requests for disclosure, correction, discontinuance of use, etc. of customers’ personal information promptly within a reasonable scope.
3.implementation of security measuresntt data implements safeguard measures and diligently works toward preventing unauthorized access to personal information, and the loss, destruction, alteration, leakage, etc. of such information. specific rules governing the appropriate handling and use of personal information are in place, and staff are assigned to take responsibility therefor.
implementation of security measures
ntt data implements safeguard measures and diligently works toward preventing unauthorized access to personal information, and the loss, destruction, alteration, leakage, etc. of such information. specific rules governing the appropriate handling and use of personal information are in place, and staff are assigned to take responsibility therefor.
4.observance of laws, regulations and other norms relating to personal informationwith respect to the observance of laws, regulations, and other norms relating to personal information, ntt data’s officers, employees, and business partners who handle personal information comply with the laws, regulations, and guidelines relating to the protection of personal information and the privacy of communication.
observance of laws, regulations and other norms relating to personal information
with respect to the observance of laws, regulations, and other norms relating to personal information, ntt data’s officers, employees, and business partners who handle personal information comply with the laws, regulations, and guidelines relating to the protection of personal information and the privacy of communication.
5.continuous improvements to this personal information protection policy and in-house rules and regulationsntt data makes continuous improvements to this personal information protection policy and in-house rules and regulations to ensure that the protection of personal information as determined by socially accepted norms is conducted effectively.
continuous improvements to this personal information protection policy and in-house rules and regulations
ntt data makes continuous improvements to this personal information protection policy and in-house rules and regulations to ensure that the protection of personal information as determined by socially accepted norms is conducted effectively.

6.inquiries as to personal informationntt data will make every effort to respond to inquiries promptly within a reasonable scope. please contact ntt data’s customer service.
inquiries as to personal information
ntt data will make every effort to respond to inquiries promptly within a reasonable scope. please contact ntt data’s customer service.
established: july 1, 2001
revised: june 19, 2018
yo honma
president and chief executive officer
for more information, please contact:
toyosu center building, 3-3, toyosu 3-chome, koto-ku, tokyo 135-6033
ntt data corporation customer desk
e-mail : privacyam.nttdata.co.jp
ntt data may revise the policy set out above and issue notification of all revisions on this website.
this is an english translation of the official version of the policy, which has been published in japanese.
the use of personal information of the site visitors
this website is operated for the purpose of providing information about ntt data corporation. certain parts of the site request its visitors to provide personal information for the  purposes of responding to inquiries.
please note that it may be necessary, for the above purposes, to provide such information to a third party to enable it to provide answer and delivery services directly to the site visitors.
1.purposes of information provision to a third party1ntt data may, for the above purposes, disclose personal information provided at the discretion of the site visitors. except in this case, it shall not provide such information to a third party without the prior consent of the site visitors. however, the following cases of 2) and 3) will make an exception.2in the case where the provision of such information is ordered by the court or governmental agencies, national or local, in accordance with the stipulation of laws or regulations.3in the case where it is necessitated for the purpose of protection of rights, property, security, etc. of the site visitors and ntt data.
purposes of information provision to a third party
1ntt data may, for the above purposes, disclose personal information provided at the discretion of the site visitors. except in this case, it shall not provide such information to a third party without the prior consent of the site visitors. however, the following cases of 2) and 3) will make an exception.
ntt data may, for the above purposes, disclose personal information provided at the discretion of the site visitors. except in this case, it shall not provide such information to a third party without the prior consent of the site visitors. however, the following cases of 2) and 3) will make an exception.
2in the case where the provision of such information is ordered by the court or governmental agencies, national or local, in accordance with the stipulation of laws or regulations.
in the case where the provision of such information is ordered by the court or governmental agencies, national or local, in accordance with the stipulation of laws or regulations.
3in the case where it is necessitated for the purpose of protection of rights, property, security, etc. of the site visitors and ntt data.
in the case where it is necessitated for the purpose of protection of rights, property, security, etc. of the site visitors and ntt data.
2.items of personal information1your name, your e-mail address, your company name, your relationships with ntt data and your country name
items of personal information
1your name, your e-mail address, your company name, your relationships with ntt data and your country name
your name, your e-mail address, your company name, your relationships with ntt data and your country name
3.means or media of provision1internet delivery2provision in writing or through other media
means or media of provision
1internet delivery
internet delivery
2provision in writing or through other media
provision in writing or through other media
4.party to which personal information is provided1the party designated by ntt data
party to which personal information is provided
1the party designated by ntt data
the party designated by ntt data
5.contract with the preceding party on handling personal information1a contract has been made between ntt data and the party on the handling of personal information.
contract with the preceding party on handling personal information
1a contract has been made between ntt data and the party on the handling of personal information.
a contract has been made between ntt data and the party on the handling of personal information.
please note that if we are provided with inaccurate personal information by the site visitors, we may be unable to respond to their inquiries, etc.
