
language
orders
sign in
about nxpcareerscontact usdiversity, equality and inclusioneventshistoryinvestor relationsleadership teamnewsroomour team membersqualitysmarter world blogsmarter world podcastsmarter world videossustainabilitytrade compliancewe are nxpworldwide locations
careers
contact us
diversity, equality and inclusion
events
history
investor relations
leadership team
newsroom
our team members
quality
smarter world blog
smarter world podcast
smarter world videos
sustainability
trade compliance
we are nxp
worldwide locations
privacy statementapplicant privacy statement
applicant privacy statement
privacy statement
facebook
twitter
linkedin
printer
introduction
your privacy and trust are important to us. this privacy statement explains who we are, what personal information we collect, why we collect this information and how we use and protect it. this      statement refers to all personal information we collect and that we could use to personally identify you. we encourage you to read this privacy statement. in case you have any questions, we are      happy to answer them.
this privacy statement for business partners and visitors describes how nxp processes the personal data of individuals, such as customers, suppliers and visitors of nxp premises and website.      this privacy statement applies to all personal information we collect via your visit to our website or our premises about you. for instance, when you:
visit our websites
visit our sites
purchase or use our products, solutions, applications or services
subscribe to our newsletter or participate in our online communities
contact customer support
request information specific to your interests
on occasion, we may refer to additional privacy statements or policies to convey specific privacy information of which you need to be aware. an example is when you share your personal data with      us as a job applicant, or when you’re an nxp employee. if you’re a job applicant and would like more information on how nxp handles your personal data, please see the      applicant privacy statement.
due to its global presence, nxp is bound by several data protection laws around the globe. this privacy statement may be modified in order to comply with specific local legal requirements. in      case of a conflict between this privacy statement and local legislation and/or standards, the latter will prevail.
who we are
nxp semiconductors n.v. enables secure connections and infrastructure for a smarter world, advancing solutions that make lives easier, better and safer. as the world leader in secure      connectivity solutions for embedded applications, nxp is driving innovation in the secure connected vehicle, end-to-end security and privacy and smart connected solutions markets. when this      privacy statement refers to “we”, “us” or “our”, it refers to all nxp affiliates or subsidiaries which under this privacy statement may act as a controller of your personal information: namely,      those entities who may be deciding how and why your personal information is being processed.
what types of personal information do we collect?
it is important for you to know that “personal information” (or: “data”, “personal information” or “personal data”), means: any information relating to an identified or      identifiable individual (or “data subject”). an identifiable individual is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an      identification number, location data, an online identifier or by reference to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity      of that natural person. different pieces of information, when collected can lead to the identification of a person, also constitute personal information.
we may process various types of personal information we receive from you depending on the ways you interact with us (e.g. through our website portal, nxp customer support, etc.). they include      the following:
name and last name
e-mail address, address, phone number, fax, country
log in details (user name, password)
bank account information
reviews, feedback, comments
traffic information such as time and/or duration of your interaction with us
ip address, mac address of the devices you use to interact with us
your actual or assumed location (determined by the information mentioned above)
information related to your interests (products or services that you are visiting on our website platforms)
information related to your requests for information, requests for support and your transactions with nxp
cookies preferences
cookies
when you visit our websites or our digital platforms, cookies might be stored on your devices within the web browser. cookies are small text files that can store information for a certain period      and identify your device. we use cookies to optimize your user experience on our platforms.
we invite you to explore our cookie statement and learn more on how we use cookies or other tracking technologies. you can also set your cookie preferences within nxp's domains by clicking on      the cookie settings button.
we invite you to explore our cookie statement and learn more on how we use cookies or other tracking technologies. you can also set your cookie preferences within nxp's domains by clicking on        the cookie settings button.
why do we collect your personal information?
we want to know you better so we can serve you better. however, your participation in this service is optional.
depending on who you are, we may collect personal information for different purposes, such as:
performance and execution of contracts
direct marketing
providing our products or services
responding to requests
compliance with legal obligations
security and maintenance reasons
legal basis
the legal bases (or justified reasons) for processing your personal data are:
the legitimate interest of business and management purposes
entering into and managing a contract
compliance with our legal obligations
your specific and informed consent
when do we share your information with third parties?
we only share your personal information with third parties in the specific cases listed below:
nxp affiliates, given that nxp is an international corporation with several nxp affiliates
external service providers, such as newsletter distributors, it hosting providers, marketing providers, etc.
business partners
we do not sell or license your personal information to third parties.
how do we safeguard your personal information?
we recognize our responsibility to protect the personal information we collect. we make sure that our measures are in compliance with applicable data protection and data security laws. we have      implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to prevent risks, such as accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure of or access to information.      additionally, we make sure that these measures are in compliance with applicable data protection and data security laws. for instance, we put in place the following measures in order to protect      your information:
limiting physical access to our premises
limiting access to personal information (for instance, only employees on a need-to-know basis have access to your personal information)
requiring third-party providers to have acceptable security measures to keep personal information secure and putting in place physical, electronic and procedural safeguards in line with        industry standards
how long do we retain your information?
we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to fulfill the specific purposes, as explained under the section      “why we collect your personal information”. in certain cases a longer retention of your personal information might be required according to legal      obligations. in all other cases, we delete your personal information once the purpose of processing your information is fulfilled.
what are your rights?
according to applicable data protection laws, you have the right to:
access, modify (via: https://www.nxp.com/webapp-signup/updateuser) or delete your personal information (unless it is legally required        to retain the information)
restriction of or objection to the processing activity of your information
request a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format
pose any questions related to your personal information and its protection
when do we transfer your personal information?
international transfers of your personal data
nxp is a global organization, so the data we process may be transferred internationally throughout our organization and to third parties worldwide. the countries/regions in which recipients are      likely to be located are the countries/regions where nxp is conducting business.
to protect your rights we only store and transfer your personal data in a country where:
an adequate level of protection for personal data is provided
an instrument covers the requirements for the transfer of personal data such as:        eu standard contractual clausescodes of conductcertification mechanisms
eu standard contractual clauses
codes of conduct
certification mechanisms
our website sometimes links to services run by other companies. those companies have their own privacy and cookie notices, so remember that the information you give them will follow their rules.
updates to this statement
in order to stay compliant with applicable legal requirements, we will review and/or may modify this privacy statement at any time. the current version of this privacy statement is always      available at: www.nxp.com
concerns and complaints
if you are concerned about the way we process your personal information, please contact our data protection officer (dpo) who will investigate your concern. please understand that the dpo can      only handle your request if you authenticate yourself. you will receive a response within a reasonable period. you also have the right to make a formal complaint to the relevant regulator in      your jurisdiction.
contact details
in case you have a concern or complaint in relation to this privacy statement please reach out to our data protection office at:
nxp semiconductors n.v.      attn. data protection office      high tech campus 60      5656ag eindhoven      the netherlands
the data protection office      email: dataprotection@nxp.com
please be informed to only use the mail address dataprotection@nxp.com if you have a question with regard to personal data (privacy) matters.
if you believe that you have discovered a potential security vulnerability in an nxp product, please contact psirt at psirt@nxp.com.
about nxp
careers
investors
media
contact
subscribe



privacy
terms of use
terms              of sale
slavery              and human trafficking statement
accessibility
©2006-2020 nxp semiconductors. all rights reserved.
