javascript seems to be disabled in your browser.  for the best experience on our site, be sure to turn on javascript in your browser.
my account
sign in
create a login
are you passionate about literacy ?
home
prof dev
literacy voices blog
digital samples
contact us
store
privacy policy
effective date: february 2022

for our information practices relating to children, please see our children’s privacy policy below.  https://myokapi.com/childrens-privacy
this privacy policy describes:
the information that okapi educational publishing, inc. (“okapi” or "we", “us” or “our”) collects from you in any form through our applications, online services or okapi websites (including but not limited to https://myokapi.com,  https://flyingstarttoliteracy.com/digital-activites/, https://despegando-digital-activities.com, https://despegando-hacia-la-lectura.com,  https://okapi-bookrooms.com,  https://worldwise-reading.com, https://exploramundos-reading.com/, https://okapi-digital-literacy.com, https://biliteracy-para-todos.com (collectively “websites”);
how we collect, use and disclose the information that we receive, including sharing any personal information (as defined below) with third parties; and
how we store and secure information.

definition of information
as part of this privacy policy, the term “personal information” is used to describe information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual person, such as a full name, home or other physical address, email address, and telephone number.  personal information can also include anonymous information that is linked to information that can be used to directly or indirectly identify an individual person.  personal information does not include information that has been made anonymous or aggregated so that it can no longer be used, whether in combination with other information or otherwise, to identify an individual person.
the term “non-personal information” is used to describe information that cannot be used to directly or indirectly to identify an individual person and that is not linked to information that can be used to directly or indirectly to identify an individual person.  non-personal information includes passively collected information about activities on our websites, such as usage data, to the extent that information is not linked to any personal information.
the term “information” is used in this privacy policy as a generic term and may include both types of information described above.

how to contact us
if you have any questions, concerns or complaints about our privacy policy or our data collection or processing practices, or if you want to report any suspected security violations to us, please contact us at the following address or email address:
privacy officerokapi educational publishing, inc.42381 rio nedo, temecula, ca 92590privacy@myokapi.com866-652-7436
services we provide
we offer the following services (“services”) on our websites:
we provide products, services, tools and resources to educators to help support and facilitate the education process;
our websites offer tips and practical guidance for literacy teachers;
we offer on-line educational facilitation tools, including, flying start to literacy activities.  teachers may use these tools inside and outside the classroom to help students meet educational goals.
we work with independent sales representative to make our tools and resources available to educators.

information we collect
information you provide to us.  we will collect certain personal information as well as non-personal information from you that you voluntarily provide.
account information.  you can create an account with us to receive newsletters and communications from us and also to track orders, download products, access purchased services, and manage account information.  if you choose to register and create a user account with us, we collect your first and last name, e-mail address, professional title, school or district information, street address, and send you a verification email.
newsletter/communications/sample request.  you can provide us with your email address, your title or position and school or district information to receive our newsletter and receive information from leading voices in literacy and gain access to tools for immediate use.  to request samples of our products, you would also provide mailing address, telephone and appropriate grade level information.
purchase products/services.  if you would like to purchase a product or service from our on-line store at https://myokapi.com/okapi-store, you will be asked to provide your name, address, email address, and school/district information.  if you choose to make payment via credit card, you will be prompted to enter credit card information, which will be sent via a secure connection directly to our third-party payment processor.  you also will have the option to store your payment information.  our third party payment processor provides the stored payment option.  we do not have access to your payment information.
contact us.  if you provide us with feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
information we receive from your use of our website
we may receive certain types of information automatically when you access the website, such as your browser type and internet protocol (ip) address. while the system may collect this information, the ip addresses are obfuscated, and therefore, we do not identify you or match this information with your other personal information. this information is used to diagnose website technical problems, facilitate your use of our website, or track aggregate website traffic patterns.
cookies, or text files, that are placed on your hard drive by websites when you visit that website,  identify your computer and record your preferences and other data about your visit to that website so when you return to the website, the website can personalize your return visit. we may use cookies to collect information about your visit to determine which of our areas, features and forums are most popular, personalize and improve your experience on our website and to complete transactions you may request. you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. by prohibiting the use of cookies, however, you may restrict your access to certain types of content or features on the websites.
location of information
okapi is based in the united states, and the information we collect is hosted in the united states including, through our third party service provider, amazon web services (‘aws’).  therefore, any information we collect is governed by and our services are operated in accordance with united states law.  if you are using the services outside the united states, you consent to having your information and data transferred to the united states.  while users from countries other than the united states may access certain of our services, okapi makes no representation or warranty that the services are operated in accordance with the laws or regulations of, or governed by, other nations.  if you are from any jurisdiction with laws or regulations governing the use of the internet, including the collection, use and disclosure of personal information, that are different from those of the united states, you may only use the services in a manner lawful in your jurisdiction.
personal information we receive from others.
we may receive personal information about you from third parties providing credit and debit card authorization and fraud screening services as part of  any purchase.  further, independent sales representatives may provide your personal information to okapi to process product or service orders.  we require these independent sales representatives to collect, maintain or use any personal information they collect from you directly in accordance with this privacy policy.

links to and from third party websites
our website may contain links to third party websites and services and some of those third-party websites may be co-branded with our logo (the “third party services”).  for example, our website automatically directs you to a third party payment processor when you are paying for products or services on-line.  if you decide to visit and submit any information to a third party service, you are subject to its privacy policy and practices and not this privacy policy.  likewise, you may be directed to our websites from third party websites, including clever, as part of a single sign on service through a school district that has contracted with us for the services.  to the extent you are directed to our service via a third party interface or link, you acknowledge that you may also be subject to the terms of the applicable third party privacy policy and other contractual requirements.  we encourage you to review carefully the legal and privacy policies of all other digital services that you are directed to or from as a result of the services.

how we use and share your personal information
we do not sell your personal information to anyone, and more specifically, we will use or share your personal information as detailed below.
with your consent. we may share your personal information with third parties if you have given us your consent to do so.
to perform services. we may use or disclose your personal information to third parties in order to perform services you request such as processing an order for the delivery of a flying start to literacy product.
to communicate with you.  we use your personal information to send you information about our services, to respond to you when you contact us, to call you as a part of secondary fraud protection, or to solicit your feedback.  if you provided us with an email address, we may also send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our services. you can control these marketing communications by using your notification preferences in account settings or via the “unsubscribe” link in an email.
with independent sales representatives.  if you provided us with your personal information and indicated an interest in learning more about our products or services, we may share your personal information with an independent sales representative who may contact you.  we require independent sales representatives who receive personal information from us to use and maintain your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy.
with third party service providers performing services on our behalf. we may share your personal information with our third party service providers to perform the functions for which we engage them.  for example, a third party payment processor collects all credit card information for secure processing and storage. further, we may share information as needed to operate other related services.  for example, we may work with google analytics so that google analytics can provide us with information about website usage, or we may work with mailchimp or keap so that they can send out the newsletters and other marketing materials on our behalf.
to improve, personalize, and develop services.  we use the information we collect to improve and personalize services and to develop new services and benefits.
corporate affiliates and corporate restructuring.  we may share some or all of your personal information with our corporate affiliates, including in connection with or during negotiation of any merger, financing, acquisition or dissolution transaction or proceeding involving sale, transfer, divestiture, or disclosure of all or a portion of our business or assets.  in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership, we may transfer your personal information as a business asset. if another company acquires our company, business, or assets, that company will possess the information we collected and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
for legal purposes. we may preserve or disclose personal information about you to comply with a law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request; to assert legal rights, in response to a subpoena, or defend against legal claims; or to prevent, detect, or investigate illegal activity, fraud, abuse, violations of our terms, or threats to the security of the services, violation of our terms of use, or the physical safety of any person.

your options regarding your information
opt-out
we may periodically send you newsletters and e-mails to the e-mail address that you provided that directly promote the use of our website or services.  you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below).  despite your indicated e-mail preferences, we may send you service related communications, including notices of any updates to our terms of use or privacy policy.
change your personal information
all users may review, update, correct or delete the personal information in their user account by contacting us https://myokapi.com/contact-us.  if you completely delete all of your personal information with us, then your user account will be deactivated.  we may retain an archived copy of your records.
data retention
we retain personal information we collect only for as long as needed as part of the services we provide.  we will retain and use this personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements with users, and/or the period required by laws in applicable jurisdictions.

information security
we use a combination of technical, administrative, and physical controls designed to safeguard and help prevent the unauthorized access to your personal information.  these controls are implemented in order to maintain the security of your personal information, including the use of encryption, physical access controls, information access controls, anti-virus and anti-malware software, along with managed service infrastructure support and cloud hosting from leading information technology and security providers, including aws. if you have a security-related concern, please contact us. always be sure to secure your login credentials for on-line access. in order to protect you and your personal information, we may suspend your use of any of the on-line service, without notice, pending an investigation, if we suspect any breach of security.
please be aware that, despite our best efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.  therefore, okapi cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any personal information collected through the services and cannot be responsible for the theft, destruction, loss or inadvertent disclosure of any personal information.

do not track
the term “do not track” refers to a http header offered by certain web browsers to request that websites refrain from tracking the user. we take no action in response to do not track requests.

ca consumer privacy rights
california civil code section 1798.83 (known as the "shine the light" law) requires certain businesses to respond to requests from california customers about personal information disclosed to third parties for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  we do not disclose customers’ personal information to third parties for third parties’ direct marketing purposes.  in the event we do so in the future, we will not disclose any of your personal information to third parties for third parties’ direct marketing purposes unless you consent at the time that you provide your personal information.

changes to this privacy policy
this privacy policy may be updated from time to time for any reason.  any changes to our privacy policy would be indicated by posting a newer version of the privacy policy and changing the “effective” date above.  you should consult this privacy policy regularly for any changes.
literacy voices
click here for practical classroom strategies and tips.
view okapi catalog
teks lesson plans
lift off to literacy
audio support for listening and reading along
correlations & lexiles
meet the challenges of the common core and other state standards with these okapi programs
join us on facebook
are you passionate about literacy ?
home
about us
literacy voices
samples
contact us
store
catalog
flying start to literacy™
despegando hacia la lectura™
exploramundos™
worldwise: content-based learning™
biliteracy para todos™
leveled bookroom collections
reading and thinking together
privacy policy
terms of use
sitemap
