third iron privacy policy
overview
this privacy policy governs the manner in which thirdiron llc and its affiliates, including bz disc, inc.  (“third iron” or “we”) collects, uses,maintains and discloses personally identifiable information (pii) collectedfrom users (each, a “user”) of third iron’s web and mobile applications(“apps”).  pii is information that can beused to identify you, such as your name, email address, postal address andphone number.
third iron collects pii from users of its browzineplatform and libkey services (“users”).  browzine and libkey services are licensedby organizations such as universities, hospitals, corporations and governmentresearch labs so people affiliated with these organizations may use it on theweb and mobile devices.   the policyapplies to information collected through use of the browzine platform and libkey services, including use through mobile applications,and any other interactions we may have with you (collectively, the “services”).
information we collect
we collect information from you in two ways. first, youprovide us with certain information when you register for, download, access,and otherwise use our services. second, we collect certain informationautomatically as you interact with our services.  if you do not want us to collect this information, pleasedo not provide it.  informationwe collect includes:
user information.  when you registerfor, download, access, and otherwise use our services, we may collect your contact information such as name, e-mail address,mailing address, ip address, login information, and any otherinformation you may provide us when you sign up for the services.
web browser cookies:  our services use cookies to store data on auser’s computer in order to enhance user experience and to facilitate certainfunctions.  a cookie is a small fileplaced on the hard drive of your computer. users may set their web browser to refuse cookies, or to be alerted whencookies are being sent.  if they do, someparts of the services may not function properly.
web beacons.  pages of our website and our e-mails maycontain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as cleargifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit us, for example, to countusers who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other relatedwebsite statistics (for example, recording the popularity of certain websitecontent and verifying system and server integrity).
mobile device identifiers:  we log mobile device identification to aid indiagnosing problems and providing support to our customers and users.
using your personal information
we may use information collected from or aboutyou for any of the following purposes:
to deliver our services.  we use information youprovide us when you register for our services to deliver those services.
to meet legal requirements. we may berequired to provide personal information to comply with legally mandatedreporting, subpoenas, court orders, or other requirements.
to market our products and services. we may inform you about ourproducts, services or events and otherwise perform marketing activities.further, we may use information for analytics purposes.
verify users. we may use personal information to manage and verifyyour account and the identity of users of the services.
other purposes. we may use personal information for any otherlegal, business or marketing purposes that are not inconsistent with the termsof this policy.
we may disclose personal information in the followingcircumstance:
internally. in order to provideservices through our web site or applications that require the input ofinformation, we may need to share your information within third iron.
business partners, distributors andcontractors. we may provide personal information to business partners,distributors, and contractors (including third-party distributors andresellers, vendors, suppliers and other service providers), who may use theinformation to fulfill product orders, develop and improve products, contactyou about product orders or in connection with the performance, operation, andsupport of the services or solutions, performing marketing or consultingservices, or as otherwise appropriate in connection with a legitimate businessneed.  further, we may disclose personalinformation to service providers who host or facilitate the delivery of onlinetraining, seminars and webinars; email-delivery services and other technologyproviders; and third parties that may assist in the delivery of marketingmaterials, technical support services, or other products, services or otherinformation. these companies are authorized to use your personal informationonly as necessary to provide these services.
third party analytics providers. we may share personal informationwith third parties who conduct marketing studies and data analytics, includingthose that provide tools or code which facilitates our review and management ofour cloud-based software, such as google analytics or similar software productsfrom other providers. for more information about how google collects andprocesses data when you visit websites or use apps that use googletechnologies, please see www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners.
transfer or assignment in connection withbusiness transfers or bankruptcy.  inthe event of a merger, acquisition, reorganization, bankruptcy or sale of allor a portion of our assets, any user information owned or controlled by us maybe one of the assets transferred to third parties. we reserve the right, aspart of this type of transaction, to transfer or assign your personalinformation and other information we have collected from users of the servicesto third parties. other than to the extent ordered by a bankruptcy or othercourt, or as otherwise agreed to by you, the use and disclosure of alltransferred user information will be subject to this policy. however, anyinformation you submit or that is collected after this type of transfer may besubject to a new privacy policy adopted by the successor entity.
response to legal requirements, subpoenas,or protection of our rights.  we mayshare personal information as and when we believe in our sole discretion thatdisclosure is necessary or appropriate to meet legal requirements, to complywith a subpoena, law-enforcement or government request, to investigate fraud,or to protect our rights.
to ouraffiliates. we may share some or all of your information with oursubsidiaries and corporate affiliates, joint venture partners, or othercompanies that are or may become under common control with us. we will requirethese entities to comply with the terms of this policy with regard to their useof your information.
to third parties.  we do not sell, trade, or rent users’personally identifiable information to others. because access to browzine and libkey is provided to users through theiraffiliation with a subscribing institution, certain usage data gathered may beshared with the institution for the purpose of usage analysis, access andlicense management, and contract compliance. we may also use third party service providers to help us operate ourbusiness and the apps or administer activities on our behalf.
how we protect your information
third iron takes commercially reasonable securitymeasures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration disclosure ordestruction of your personal information, username, password, transactioninformation and data stored in our apps. however, like other companies, third iron cannot guarantee 100% thesecurity or confidentiality of the information you provide to us.  if you have reasonto believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure please notify usby sending an email with the subject line “security concern” and a descriptionof the concern to privacy@thirdiron.com or bycalling us at 855-649-7607.
we use a select number of trusted external serviceprovides for certain technical data analysis, processing and/or storageofferings.  we only share informationwith them that is required for the services offered and we contractually bindthem to keep any information we share with them as confidential and to processpersonal data according to our instructions.
rights and choices
opt-out.   if you have established a browzine accountor registered for our email newsletter and do not wish to receivecommunications from us, you may unsubscribe at any time.
correction.  you have the right to access your personalinformation and to correct, amend, or delete such personal information if it isinaccurate. requests for access, correction, amendment, or deletion should besent to privacy@thirdiron.com. if you delete any account information, we may retain certain informationas required by law or for legitimate business purposes.
“do not trackrequests.”  your internet browser andmobile device may allow you to adjust your browser settings so that “do nottrack” requests are sent to the websites you visit. third iron respects yourwishes and will not track user activity once “do not track” signals have beenactivated.
californiaprivacy.  if you are a californiaresident, california civil code section 1798.83 permits you to requestinformation regarding the disclosure of your personal information by third ironor its affiliates to a third party for the third party’s direct marketingpurposes. to make such a request, please send an email to privacy@thirdiron.comor write us at:  third iron, llc.,attn: privacy, po box 270400, st paul, mn 55127 usa
european unionprivacy.   if our processing of your information issubject to the general data protection regulation 2016/679 (“gdpr”), we haveadditional obligations and you have additional rights under the gdpr.  these rights and obligations are as follows:
when you have given consent.
when processing is necessary forthe performance of a contract to which you are a party or in order to takesteps at your request prior to entering into a contract.
when processing isnecessary to protect our legitimate interests or that of a third party, exceptwhere such interests are overridden by your interests or fundamental rights.
you have the right to be informed about your personal dataand how it is being processed, to access, correct and erase personal data, torestrict further processing, to obtain and reuse your data for your ownpurposes across different services and to object to processing.  you also have the right to lodge a complaintwith the relevant eu supervisory authority.
if we transfer your information to a recipient in acountry outside the europeaneconomic area (“eea”), we will ensure that at least one of the followingshall apply:  (i) the transfers will beto countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protectionfor personal data by the european commission; (ii) we have used specific modelcontracts approved by the european commission which are intended to givepersonal data the same protection it has in europe; (iii) where we useproviders based in the us, we may transfer information to them if they are partof the privacy shield which requires them to provide similar protection topersonal data shared between the europe and the us; or (iv) any alternativetransfer mechanism that can under gdpr lawfully support the transfer.  please contact us if you want furtherinformation on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring yourpersonal data out of the eea.
children’s privacy
third iron services are intended for use by users aged 16 andolder.  in all cases, we do not market toor intentionally collect any personally identifiable information from childrenunder 16 years of age.  if you are under 16,please do not register for a browzine account or provide us with any personallyidentifying information. if we become aware that a visitor under the age of 16has submitted personal information without verifiable parental consent, we willremove his or her information from our files. please contact privacy@thirdiron.com if you become aware that a child for which you arethe parent or guardian has provided us with personal information without yourconsent.
links to otherservices and websites
browzine links to full text articles hosted by othersites.  when users select a link to anoutside website, they are leaving the third iron site and are subject to theprivacy and security policies of the owners of the third-party website.  we encourage our users to be aware when theyleave our site and to read the privacy policies of each website that collectspersonal information.
changes to our policy
from time to time we may change this privacy policy.   it isour policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page. ifwe make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, wewill notify you by email to the primary email address specified in your accountand/or through a notice on the website home page. the date the privacy policywas last revised is identified at the top of the page. you are responsible forensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you,and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check forany changes.
further informationabout our privacy policy and practices
this privacy policy applies to all visitors to our sites andusers of our services.  if you become aninactive customer, or if we close or suspend your account, we will continue toadhere to the privacy policy in place when we collected your personallyidentifiable information so long as we retain it in our databases.  we may delete any or all of your informationat any time without notice to you for any reason or no reason unless otherwiserequired by law to retain it.  you mayhave other privacy protections under applicable laws and we will comply withany applicable laws when we disclose information about you. this privacy policyreplaces our previous policy on this topic and any statements or disclosures toyou about our information practices.
questions
if you have questions, comments, or concerns regardingthis privacy policy, please send us an email at privacy@thirdiron.com.

new and returning users may sign in
we're glad you're here
please sign in to leave feedback
feedback and knowledge base
searching…        no results.clear search results
searching…
no results.
contact support
contact support
give feedback                  browzine features                                    112                                           ideas                                      content requests                                    255                                           ideas                                      libkey discovery & libkey api                                    5                                           ideas                                      libkey link features                                    3                                           ideas                                      libkey nomad features                                    12                                           ideas                                      third iron universe general product suggestions                                    17                                           ideas
give feedback
browzine features                                    112                                           ideas
content requests                                    255                                           ideas
libkey discovery & libkey api                                    5                                           ideas
libkey link features                                    3                                           ideas
libkey nomad features                                    12                                           ideas
third iron universe general product suggestions                                    17                                           ideas
knowledge basegeneral libkey information & libkey.io6 articleslibkey link database setup14 articleslibkey discovery and api integrations8 articleslibkey nomad7 articlesbrowzine28 articlesbrowzine integrations12 articlesworking with your library holdings17 articleslibrary configuration and faq24 articlesinformation for publishers2 articlesall articles
knowledge base
general libkey information & libkey.io6 articles
libkey link database setup14 articles
libkey discovery and api integrations8 articles
libkey nomad7 articles
browzine28 articles
browzine integrations12 articles
working with your library holdings17 articles
library configuration and faq24 articles
information for publishers2 articles
all articles
third iron library technologies
third iron library technologies
