find a store
optimum business
existing customers
español
internet
5 gig
tv
mobile
internet + mobile savings
moving?
shop now
breadcrumb
home /
terms and policies of optimum communications' services /
privacy notice
privacy notice
customer privacy notice

altice is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers. this notice is designed to give you a general understanding of how altice protects your privacy in connection with our residential and business cable television services (such as optimum tv), high-speed internet services (such as optimum online), voice services (such as optimum voice) and any other cable service or communication service we may provide to you using our cable system as such services are defined by applicable law, as well as optimum.net (together "covered services").
this notice does not generally cover other altice websites, such as optimum.com, interactive television channels, or other products or services that may be accessed through covered services. these other services are governed by separate privacy notices, which we encourage you to review when using these other services to understand how your information is handled. this notice only covers altice's optimum services and does not cover altice's lightpath and suddenlink service.
in this notice, "we" and "altice" refer to csc holdings, llc (formerly csc holdings, inc.) and/or any affiliate of csc holdings, llc that owns, operates, or provides covered services.
a. information we collect and receive, and how we collect it
in connection with the initiation and ongoing provisioning of covered services, as well as with our ongoing efforts to improve the quality and value of the covered services, we may maintain certain information related to you that you provide to us or that we collect using the cable systems ("subscriber information"). certain subscriber information may be personally identifiable ("personally identifiable information"). personally identifiable information does not include, among other things, any aggregate data or other data which does not identify a particular person or information which by itself does not identify a particular person, such as your zip code, gender, ip address, mac address or other equipment identifiers, or certain other unique numbers or codes. we may collect personally identifiable information using the cable system in order to obtain information necessary to render our cable service or other services to our subscribers or to detect unauthorized reception of cable communications, as well as for other purposes described in this notice.
when you interact with us: subscriber information may include information which you provide to us such as your name, service address, billing address, work address, email address, home telephone number, work telephone number, mobile phone number, date of birth, social security number, driver's license number, credit card number and expiration date, bank account number, and other financial information. in addition, as part of our normal course of business, we generate and maintain billing and account information such as your billing history, the services to which you have subscribed, your payment history, your maintenance and repair history, the kind, location, configuration, device identifiers, mac, and ip addresses of equipment (including tv sets, set-top boxes, cablecards, modems, telephones, ip enabled devices) connected to our facilities. for customer services purposes, we also may keep copies of correspondence concerning your account or records of complaints or inquiries that may be made about our service. in addition, we may sometimes collect responses to customer satisfaction surveys for analytics and research purposes. we may also collect information that helps us detect unauthorized use of our services.
when you use our services: we may also collect service-specific subscriber information depending on the covered services to which you subscribe. for example:
optimum voice. if you are a subscriber of a covered altice voice service such as optimum voice (which is an interconnected voice-over-internet protocol "voip" service), we may collect customer proprietary network information ("cpni"). cpni is information that relates to the quantity, technical configuration, type, destination, location, and amount of use of an interconnected voip service or telecommunications service subscribed to by any customer, and that is made available to the carrier by the customer solely by virtue of the provider-customer relationship; and information contained in the bills pertaining to interconnected voip service, telephone exchange service or telephone toll service received by a customer. cpni does not include the "subscriber list information" we collect, which includes your name, address, and telephone number that has been published or accepted for publication in any directory format, as well as (for business listings) your primary advertising classifications. the disclosure and use of cpni is subject to specialized restrictions as described in section f below.
internet service, including optimum online and optimum wifi hotspots. if you subscribe to a covered altice high-speed internet service such as optimum online, we may collect broadband data, including information regarding geolocation and/or service usage, including bandwidth used (including for specific third party website traffic and app usage), system and connection performance, browsers used, device type, device identifiers, dates and times of access, and internet resource requests/browsing history (such as a log of visited urls). we may maintain records of internet protocol addresses and email accounts that we assign to you, as well as any violations or alleged violations of applicable terms and conditions of usage. additional information about our privacy practices specific to our high-speed internet service, including more detail regarding data collection, can be found in the additional privacy information for high speed internet service.
optimum tv. if you are a digital cable television subscriber, we may also automatically collect information about your use of our systems, such as changing your television channel, reviewing listings in an electronic program guide, using your remote, interacting with your dvr, ordering or viewing on-demand programming, engaging in other interactive programming features, or when using the optimum app (such as audio files when using voice-based search) or other similar ip enabled device applications. we collect this information for purposes and uses including billing, service optimization, troubleshooting and customer service, operations, programming, including vod, pay-per-view, program and content recommendation features and functions, advertising targeting and optimization, data analytics, e-bill, operation of certain optimum select services, and as otherwise described in the following section.
information provided to us by third parties:sometimes, we also obtain additional information from publicly available sources such as research consultants, data service providers, and marketing firms to supplement the information we collect from you. from time to time, we may combine this publicly available information with information that we collect from you. in addition, we may also obtain information from our business partners and/or their service providers or clients, to assist with data collection, reporting and ad response measurement, as well as to assist with delivering and analyzing the performance of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. the types of information that we may receive from third parties includes, but is not limited to demographic data (including, but not limited to gender or age range) and interest data (including, but not limited to demonstrated interest in or interaction with a particular product/website).
we participate in the adobe marketing cloud device co-op to better understand how you use our website and apps across the various devices you use, and to deliver services and advertising that are of an enhanced value and interest to you. click here to learn more about how adobe does this and to manage your choices relating to this linking of devices.
information collected on our websites: we collect data about visitors to our subscriber website, optimum.net, using automated means such as cookies, clear gifs, and passive automatic electronic collection, which are described in more detail in our website privacy notice. we may work with third-party companies to engage in such collection.
b. how we use subscriber information
we use subscriber information, including personally identifiable information, to conduct business activities such as account administration, service provisioning, operations, billings and collections, marketing, analytics, customer service, technical support, manage network performance, and for fraud prevention. these purposes may specifically include the use of personally identifiable information to:
help us provide high-quality, competitively-priced covered services in an efficient manner;
ensure that you receive the services to which you have subscribed and execute requests that you make;
provide you with programming, services and advertising that are of an enhanced value and interest to you;
facilitate billing and collections functions and obligations (including any reporting to credit bureaus or collection agencies to obtain payment for our billed products and services);
provide you with accurate and high quality customer service, including responding to subscriber inquiries and troubleshooting;
comply with tax obligations, accounting rules, and contractual obligations to vendors;
ensure that you receive information about products and services that may be of interest to you;
ensure compliance with applicable laws and the terms, conditions, notices and policies governing the covered services;
protect our rights, such as preventing fraud, service theft, and abusive practices; and
improve our facilities and the services that we provide over them.
we may use subscriber information to generate de-identified or aggregated information - that is, data from which personally identifiable information has been removed. we may also employ automated processes to generate de-identified or aggregated information from any of our covered services. de-identified or aggregated information does not identify you in a personal way, and our collection, use, and disclosure of de-identified or aggregate information is not subject to any of the restrictions in this notice and its use and disclosure is subject to our discretion. for example, we may use de-identified or aggregated information for purposes such as measurement of viewership of programming and advertising, creation of tuning and viewing cohorts or segmentations, providing targeted content for our services or facilitating delivery of relevant third party advertising/promotional messages through our covered services and on third party websites and other platforms.
we may use certain subscriber information, including viewing activity and other use of the cable system (as described in section a above), broadband data (also as described in section a) and personally identifiable information, for marketing or analytics purposes. such use may include facilitating display ads for our products and services shown to you on other websites and web services across the internet. when we do this, we may provide third party service providers with access to certain of your personally identifiable information in order to place de-identified coded data into cookies on your browser (or employ similar technology), and to provide you with more relevant offers and updates through display media.
if you are a digital cable television or internet subscriber, we may use de-identified viewing activity or usage data that we have collected and/or ip address(es) we assign to subscribers, in combination with data we receive or license from third parties (such as data collected when you visit or log in to third party websites or engage in offline transactions), to deliver television and digital ads to audiences based on demographic information (e.g., gender or household size) and/or interest information (e.g., travel or sports) across different screens and platforms. we may also work with third party data and service providers who de-identify data we hold to facilitate this advertising and link it to the above third party data. you can opt out of certain marketing messages as described in the access and choice section below.
our use of certain subscriber information associated with voice service however, is limited as described in section f below.
individuals who may be authorized to have access to personally identifiable information include our employees, agents, and affiliates within our family of affiliated businesses though we seek to limit access to individuals on a need to know basis. sometimes, we may provide access to certain personally identifiable information to select third parties to assist us in providing services or for other legitimate business purposes. for example, we may provide access to certain information to companies providing services to us, including installation and repair, billing, call center, sales and marketing, market research, fulfilment, mailings, data storage, data scrubbing, data analytics and processing, bill collection, auditing and accounting, credit reporting, and legal services. we may also provide access to third parties who assist us in providing targeted advertising and audience analysis services, opportunities and initiatives. we will provide access to cpni (a term described in section a above) for use in sales and marketing only to our agents and affiliates. the frequency of such access depends on our business needs.
geolocation data: we use service address, device and/or access point location data for a variety of purposes, including to facilitate emergency services, provide our services, our and third-party location-based applications and services including, but not limited to, navigation, promotional offers, weather services and the like and deliver location-based or other advertising that may be of interest to you and/or for reporting and ad response measurement. where we offer our own location-based applications, we provide you with notice and choice about whether specific location-tracking features available on your device are turned on.
many types of wireless applications and services use device location data, including applications provided by other companies and wireless device operating systems. when you are considering new third party applications or services, you should carefully review the location-based services' or application providers' privacy policies to learn how they collect and use your information.
c. when we disclose subscriber information
except as set forth below, altice will not disclose personally identifiable information to third parties unless:
it is necessary for us to render our covered services or conduct a legitimate business activity related to our covered services;
or you provide appropriate consent in advance.
if you subscribe to a non-voice covered service, we may rely on a special provision of law that allows us to disclose mailing-list information about you to marketing organizations, programmers and other businesses. mailing-list information includes your name, addresses, and the non-voice services to which you subscribe (for example, basic tier, hbo). if you do not want us to disclose mailing-list information about you on the basis of that provision of law, please call us at 1-888-425-2089. please note, your opt-out preferences may not take effect immediately and cannot be applied retroactively. after your opt-out takes effect, we will limit our disclosures of your mailing-list information to the other disclosures described in this notice, which are permitted by other provisions of law.
if you subscribe to a covered altice voice service such as optimum voice, applicable regulations allow us to disclose subscriber list information. for example, we may give your name, address, and number to organizations who publish phone directories or who provide 411 services or similar public services. we may transmit your name and number so that the person you call can see such information on his or her caller id. certain procedures allow you to block transmission of caller id information. you may contact us to obtain additional information about these procedures. we may also transmit your name, number, and registered location to a public safety answering point ("psap") when you dial 911 for emergency services. disclosure of cpni data is subject to additional specific limitations, as described in section f below.
we may also provide your personally identifiable information to third parties when you expressly consent to such disclosure, such as when you interact or make purchases from third party vendors who utilize optimum technology or request information from third parties through certain interactive channels.
we may furnish certain de-identified information, on either an aggregate or non-aggregate basis, (which may include information about viewing habits, geolocation and system interaction) to third parties, such as advertisers and programmers, for purposes that may include but not be limited to providing you with more relevant programming, advertising and features, increasing the value of the covered services, providing you with information or offers about products or services that we believe may be of interest to you, or assisting third parties with media, programming and content planning and purchasing efforts. likewise, if you are a digital cable subscriber, we may work with third party data and service providers who de-identify data about you so that we may facilitate advertising based on demographic or interest-based data collected from different platforms, whether offline or online (such as information collected when you visit or log in to a website).
you acknowledge, consent and agree that we may access, preserve and disclose your subscriber information, including your personally identifiable information, your account information and content if required to do so by law or in a good faith belief that such access, preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to:
comply with legal process;
enforce our terms of service, privacy notice(s), or other contracts with you;
respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties;
respond to your requests for customer service;
respond to inquiries from government agencies regarding customer-initiated complaints provided to such agencies;
or protect the rights, property or personal safety of altice, its agents and affiliates, its users and the public.
we may also disclose information to law enforcement agencies in emergency circumstances, where the disclosure of such information is consistent with the types of emergency disclosures permitted or required by law.
finally, we also reserve the right to disclose and transfer all of your subscriber information, including your personally identifiable information, to a successor company in connection with a merger, acquisition or sale of all, or components, of our business.
d. we may keep information about you for some time
we generally keep some or all subscriber information for as long as necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was collected or as required by law. when information is no longer needed or required to be maintained, we destroy it in accordance with our internal policies.
e. access and choice
you also have the right to inspect personally identifiable information that altice has collected and maintains in connection with the provision of covered services to you. if you would like access to such information, please notify us in writing at the local business office specified on your service bill. we will then contact you to set up an appointment during regular business hours. please note, altice reserves the right to charge you its reasonable costs in connection with retrieving subscriber information and providing you with access thereto. in order to obtain telephone cpni, please see section f below.
subscribers may choose not to receive promotional or marketing telephone calls or postal mailings regarding the covered services by contacting us at 1-888-425-2088 for placement on altice's "do not call" list or by contacting us at 1-888-425-2090 for placement on altice's "do not mail" list. please note, any subscriber requests after may 1, 2010 to be placed on the "do not mail" list will only be effective for the 12-month period following such request. if subscribers wish to continue to remain on the "do not mail" list, subscribers will need to make another request upon the expiration of the previous request. please also note, "do not call" and "do not mail" requests may take up to thirty (30) days to become effective.if you do not wish to receive display ads for our products and services shown to you on other websites and web services across the internet, you may opt out of most such advertising by going to the following websites, operated by industry trade and self-regulatory organizations: http://networkadvertising.org/choices (operated by the network advertising initiative) or http://www.aboutads.info (operated by the digital advertising alliance).we also offer you a choice as to whether you wish to receive targeted third party advertising/promotional messages delivered to your set-top box, certain other ip-enabled device applications, or on third party websites. to exercise this choice, please visit http://optimum.net/privacy-preferences.additionally, altice provides subscribers with the opportunity to restrict the use of program and content recommendations in association with certain altice services, including our recommendations features and functions, by visiting http://optimum.net/privacy-preferences.please note, your opt-out preferences may not take effect immediately and do not retroactively apply to existing advertising/promotional messages or campaigns.
f. special rules about telephone-related information
under federal law, you have a right, and we have a duty, to protect the confidentiality of a category of telephone-related information known as "customer proprietary network information" or "cpni." altice restricts access to your telephone cpni. for example, call detail records, which contain information about the calls you make are available online. in order to access call detail records online, you must have an optimum id and password. all other telephone cpni is restricted by requiring a password and/or by requiring that you provide certain non-public verification information over the phone to confirm your identity. a written request may also be used to obtain your telephone cpni. you must send the written request to optimum voice at 6 corporate center drive, melville new york 11747, attn. shared services - cdr. all requests will be verified.
altice also restricts the use of your telephone cpni. unless we have your appropriate consent, altice does not share your telephone cpni with non-affiliates for marketing purposes. we may, however, use telephone cpni or share de-identified information to tailor your service and to market related optimum voice products and services to you.
g. our collection and use of information is subject to legal limitations
the cable act imposes limitations with respect to the collection and disclosure of personally identifiable information by cable operators, unless you provide us consent to collect or disclose information in another fashion, such as by accepting this privacy notice as part of the sign-up process for our covered services. generally speaking, cable operators may not use the cable system to collect personally identifiable information concerning subscribers without prior consent of the subscriber concerned except to obtain information necessary to render our cable service or other services to our subscribers or to detect unauthorized reception of cable communications. in addition, subject to certain specified exceptions, cable operators generally may not disclose personally identifiable information without consent of the subscriber concerned. also, cable operators must take such actions as are necessary to prevent unauthorized access to such information by a person other than the subscriber or cable operator. if we violate your rights, you may be entitled to bring a civil action in a federal court, which may award actual, liquidated, and punitive damages, fees and costs, and other remedies that may be available. in addition, if anyone asks us to provide information about you, we may have to notify you, and you may have the right to appear in court.
h. how we protect subscriber information
we employ physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect subscriber information. for example, we utilize secure socket layer (ssl) encryption to protect certain information you provide to us; employ verification measures to protect e-mail during delivery; maintain certain subscriber databases in restricted areas; and secure the content by use of firewalls and other security methods. we also limit access to databases containing subscribers' personally identifiable information to specifically authorized employees and agents and other parties identified in the disclosure section above.
despite these measures, we do not guarantee the security of information stored in our database or that unauthorized parties will not intercept information you send or receive over the internet. as a shared resource, the internet subjects our services and you to the risk of unauthorized access to files and data, even when security measures are implemented. if you use altice's high-speed internet service such as optimum online, to send, receive or post personal or confidential information, you do so at your own risk.
i. questions about this notice
if you have any questions about our privacy protections, notices and policies, please write to us at:
alticeattn. shared services dept1111 stewart avenuebethpage, ny 11714
j. updates to this notice
we will review this privacy notice periodically as we deem appropriate and when we change or update covered services. we will notify you of any material changes by posting the revised notice on our optimum website or by written or electronic correspondence. your use of the covered service(s) following the notice of a revised notice constitutes your acceptance of the revised privacy notice.

effective october 15, 2018
website privacy notice
to our website visitors - altice respects your privacy rights. this website privacy notice ("privacy notice") is designed to provide website visitors with information about how altice protects your privacy in connection with your use of the optimum family of websites, including optimum.com, optimum.net, business.optimum.com, and business.optimum.netby accessing this website, you acknowledge and agree that you have read and understand these terms and are willing to be bound by them.
to our subscribers - if you are also a subscriber of any of altice's cable television services (such as optimum tv), our high-speed internet services (such as optimum online), our voice services (such as optimum voice), other online services (such as interactive television channels including optimum autos and optimum homes), or any other altice cable service or communication service, we encourage you to review the separate privacy notices and terms of use agreements for those services. altice's other services are governed by those separate privacy notices and agreements. the use of http://www.optimum.com is governed by this privacy notice. your use of http://www.optimum.net is not covered by this privacy notice, but is instead governed by the customer privacy notice.
a. how we collect visitor information
csc holdings, llc ("altice") operates this website. in this privacy notice, "we," "us," "altice," and "our" refer to csc holdings, llc (formerly csc holdings, inc.) and its affiliates. we use the term "visitor" to refer to a person who accesses any part of the website for any amount of time.
we may collect, maintain, and access certain information you provide and information collected from your use of the website and services available through the website. this visitor information may include information that can be associated with you personally ("personally identifiable information"). visitor information may include, among other things, your first and last name, your home addresses, and your telephone number, your altice account information, and your payment card information.
we will collect personally identifiable information about you when you voluntarily provide it to us. when you use website features that ask you for certain information, for example, when you use the contact us feature, you provide personally identifiable information. you can navigate through the website without giving us personally identifiable information, but certain activities are only available to our subscribers who log in.
we may also collect personally identifiable information if we survey visitors about various topics, including their television viewing preferences and how we can improve our programming, website, and services. responding to any such survey is entirely voluntary.
sometimes, we also obtain additional information from publicly available sources such as research consultants, data service providers, and marketing firms to supplement your information. from time to time, we may combine this publicly available information with information that we collect from you.
personally identifiable information does not include aggregated data, anonymized information, or other information that does not identify a particular person. your zip code and gender are examples of types of data we collect that are not personally identifiable information. we may generate anonymized or aggregated information from the information we collect. this is information from which any personally identifiable information has been removed. anonymized or aggregated information does not identify you. our collection, use, and disclosure of anonymized and aggregated information are not subject to any of the restrictions in this privacy notice. anonymized or aggregated information may include, among other things, internet server and browser identification, the internet service provider, duration of visit, and domain type. this aggregated information will not reveal any personally identifiable information about any specific visitor.
we may also collect visitor information in the following ways:
cookies. similar to most website operators, we use "cookies" to collect information about your visit to our website and to manage information concerning your preferences. a cookie is a small encrypted computer code added to a file on your computer as a record of your visit. it does not collect or provide your name or any other personal information about you. it can, however, be used by this website to note information about your visit, such as your type of web browser, operating system and internet protocol address, to better tailor the site for you. it can also be used to recognize you when you return as a repeat visitor to our website. we use cookies, for example, to monitor the times when visitors log-on to the website, to track the number of sweepstakes and promotions you enter, to estimate the audience size of the website for sponsors and advertisers, and to track visitor preferences. cookies do not allow the website to access personally identifiable information that you have not otherwise provided. you can control what cookies are accepted by your computer through the settings on your web browser or by deleting them from your computer. doing so, however, may limit the personalization available to you. we, our third party service providers, advertisers or our partners also may use cookies to help deliver, manage and measure the performance of advertisements displayed on or delivered by or through the altice or optimum network of sites or other networks or sites, or to send you customized ads about our own products and services as you access other websites and web services. this may also help us, our service providers and partners provide more relevant advertising. for more information regarding third-party ad servers, see "service providers' and other third parties' collection and use of information" below.
clear gifs. like many websites, we may use clear gifs (also known as "web beacons," "internet tags," or "pixel tags"). clear gifs are lines of code that allow websites to summarize overall visitor usage patterns and to provide personalized services. we may use clear gifs, for instance, to track visitor preferences or to gather aggregated information about visitor usage patterns. we do not use clear gifs to collect any personally identifiable information about visitors.
passive automatic electronic collection. like operators of most other websites, we collect and log information automatically, either directly or through a third party service provider. for example, we collect your internet protocol ("ip") address, the name and location of your internet service provider, the type and version of your browser, the length of time you visit the website, your search queries on the website, and the average number of pages you viewed. logging your ip address does not by itself provide us with your name, e-mail address, or home or work address. we use this log information for systems administration purposes and for technical troubleshooting. we may also use it to gather general demographic information about you, such as your general location.

b. how we use visitor information
we use personally identifiable information collected from visitors for several important purposes, including:
to help us fulfill service requests;
to notify you about sweepstakes and promotional events and to allow you to participate in those sweepstakes and events;
to protect the security of visitors and the website;
to facilitate e-commerce transactions, such as purchases of goods and services;
to help prevent fraud;
to provide you with a website and services of enhanced value to you; and
to market and promote our services and website.

in addition, some of the sweepstakes and special events that we may notify you about may be produced with the support of non-affiliated sponsors or our promotional partners. we may use personally identifiable information collected in conjunction with such events to market additional services and events by altice, by its promotional partners, by sponsors, or by all of these entities. for each sweepstakes and special or promotional event, we will post applicable rules for the event on the website. we may also post on the website any supplemental terms, conditions, or privacy provisions for the specific event.
we use anonymized or aggregated information to improve website services, to gauge the effectiveness of the website, and to improve and enhance visitors' experiences on the website. in some cases we may combine information collected from subscribers with demographic or other information (such as census records or customer information in our regular business records) for aggregated and anonymized studies or segmentation. we use such studies to improve, market and promote our services and this website. we use anonymized profile data to tailor advertising to individual visitors, including those that have visited our own websites.
in addition, we may use personally identifiable information and visitor information for marketing purposes, including to facilitate display ads for our products and services shown to you on other websites and web services across the internet. when we do this, we may provide third party service providers with access to certain of your personally identifiable information in order to place de-identified coded data into cookies on your browser (or employ similar technology), and to provide you with more relevant offers and updates through display media. if you do not wish to receive these types of ads, you may opt out of most such advertising by going to: http://networkadvertising.org/choices or http://www.aboutads.info.
c. when we disclose visitor information
except as described in this privacy notice, we will not disclose personally identifiable information collected through the website to entities other than to altice affiliates unless (a) it is necessary to enable us to provide services or to conduct legitimate business activities related to the website; or (b) you give your consent before we disclose your personally identifiable information.
we may share your personally identifiable information with persons or companies who help us operate the website by providing services, such as sweepstakes fulfillment services, maintenance and technical services, and e-commerce contractors, and marketing services (collectively "service providers"). we may provide your personally identifiable information to other third parties when you expressly consent, such as when you make a purchase from a third-party vendor using our website. if you use a payment card for goods or services on the website, our service providers may share your personally identifiable information and payment card data with others, for example with a ticket agent, a payment card processing company, and a shipping or fulfillment company, to complete your purchases and orders.
we contractually require our service providers to maintain at least the same level of confidentiality for the personally identifiable information we provide to them as we maintain for such information. additionally, we require that our service providers' use of such information not exceed that needed to provide the service.
we share visitor information, including personally identifiable information, with our employees, agents, and affiliates within the family of altice companies, brands and businesses (including optimum, suddenlink, optimum mobile, service electric, a4, cheddar, news12 and i24news). we may also share visitor information, including personally identifiable information, in the event of a merger, acquisition or sale of all, or components of, our business. when we do this, those employees, agents and affiliates will use and protect visitor information in a manner that is consistent with this privacy policy.
we may provide aggregated or anonymized information about visitors to our advertisers, to sponsors, to promotional partners, and to affiliates. such information may include, for example, how many persons visited a particular page or activity and the preferences and dislikes of visitors. such information does not include personally identifiable information about any individual visitor.
you acknowledge and agree that we may disclose your personally identifiable information if we are required to do so by law or if we have a good faith belief that such disclosure is reasonably necessary (a) to comply with applicable law, a subpoena, or other legal process; (b) to investigate violations of this privacy notice, our terms of use, or other contracts we have with you; (c) to respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; (d) to respond to your requests for customer service; and (e) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of the public, altice, its agents, its users, or the website.
d. how long we will keep visitor information
altice may retain personally identifiable information and other information collected through the website for as long as is reasonable for the purposes for which it was collected.
e. how we protect visitor information
we follow industry-standard practices to protect information collected through the website. visitors' personally identifiable information is stored in altice databases in physically secure facilities. visitors' financial and payment card information is transmitted via encrypted technology. if we share visitor information with altice affiliates, the affiliate will follow similar practices to protect personally identifiable information collected through the website.
any information transmitted over the internet may be subject to breaches of security. although we follow commercially reasonable practices to securely store the information we collect and to work with responsible third parties, we cannot guarantee these practices will prevent every unauthorized attempt to access, use, or disclose such information.
f. service providers' and other third parties' collection and use of information
altice may provide opportunities for visitors to purchase certain goods and services through this website. our service providers may handle some of these transactions. if you choose to use these services, our service providers may request that you provide your personally identifiable information to them so that they can process your order or request. these service providers usually have their own privacy notices and terms of use. after you leave this website, information you disclose to a service provider and information the service provider collects from you will be subject to its privacy notice and terms of use. altice is not responsible for its service providers' collection, use, or disclosure of information.
this website may include banner ads, other advertisements, and links to websites of altice affiliates and non-altice entities. these affiliates and other entities may solicit and collect personally identifiable information and may store cookies on website visitors' computers. when you leave this website to visit the website of a altice affiliate or of another entity, you will be subject to the privacy notice and terms of use agreement of that website operator. altice is not responsible for the ads, links, content, activities, or information practices of other websites.
we may use the services of third parties to provide us with data collection, reporting and ad response measurement, as well as to assist with delivery of relevant marketing messages and advertisements. these third parties may view, edit, or set their own cookies or web beacons to facilitate the delivery of ads to you. we, our third party service providers, advertisers and/or business partners may also place web beacons for these third parties. the use of cookies or web beacons by these third parties is subject to their own privacy notices. click here for more information about third party advertising practices and how to opt-out.
g. how we protect children's online privacy
this website is not directed to children under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of 13. if we become aware that we have received personally identifiable information of a child under 13, we will delete the information from our records. we offer parents and guardians additional guidelines to help keep their children's personal information safe and your family's internet participation enjoyable. for more information on how to keep your family and children safe on the internet, please visit the internet smarts section of our power to learn website.
h. notice to visitors from outside the u.s.
the website is published in the united states. by visiting this website, by using services offered through the website, or by providing personally identifiable information to us or to our service providers, you agree that we may collect, use, and disclose your personally identifiable information as described in this privacy notice, including by transferring such information from the country where you live to the united states.
i. notice to california residents: your california privacy rights
individuals who reside in california and who have provided their personally identifiable information to the website may request information regarding disclosures of this information to third parties for direct marketing purposes. such requests must be submitted to us at the following address:
alticeattn. shared services dept1111 stewart avenuebethpage, ny 11714
such requests may be made only once each calendar year. we may not respond to requests sent to addresses other than the one shown above.
j. changes to this privacy notice
we may change this privacy notice at any time. we will notify you of material changes by posting the revised privacy notice on the website. we encourage you to periodically review the website privacy notice to inform yourself of any changes. the revised privacy notice will be effective on the date it is posted unless the revised notice states otherwise. if you use the website after the effective date of the revised privacy notice, we will conclude that you accept the revised privacy notice.
k. questions about this notice
please contact us if you have any questions about this privacy notice:alticeattn. shared services dept1111 stewart avenuebethpage, ny 11714
effective march 16, 2021


app privacy notice
altice is committed to protecting the privacy of its customers. this short-form privacy notice is designed to give you a general understanding of how altice protects your privacy in connection with our apps, including but not limited to altice one, altice one alexa skill, optimum, optimum dvr manager, optimum wifi register, optimum wifi finder, business hosted voice and optimum support (hereinafter collectively referred to as the "apps"). these apps are generally designed for use by existing altice subscribers. these apps have limited functionality for non-subscribers but may collect personally identifiable information from non-subscribers.please note that altice's privacy practices with regard to its cable television services (such as optimum tv), our high-speed internet services (such as optimum online), our voice services (such as optimum voice and business hosted voice), and any other cable or communication services we may provide (the "covered services") are subject to the customer privacy notice and where applicable, the additional privacy information for high speed internet service (collectively, the "customer privacy notices").in this notice, "we" and "altice" refer to csc holdings llc (formerly cablevision or csc holdings, inc.) and its respective subsidiaries and affiliates that own, operate, or aid in the provision of the apps.please review this notice carefully prior to using the apps. by using the apps, you acknowledge that you understand and consent to the collection, use, and/or disclosure of your information in accordance with this notice.a. how we collect informationin connection with the provision of the apps and our ongoing efforts to improve the quality and value of altice's services, we may maintain certain information related to you that you provide to us or that we collect using the apps ("mobile subscriber information"). we may collect your first and last name, your home address, your e-mail address, your telephone number, your account number, your payment card or banking information, and your optimum id and password in order to render our services through the apps or to detect unauthorized use of our services. we may also collect application usage information, as well as records of the kind, location, configuration, device identifiers, mac, and ip addresses of equipment utilized in association with the apps.your use of the apps, with the exception of the optimum wifi finder, is necessarily tied to your altice subscriber account. accordingly, the collection, use and disclosure of your personally identifiable information as it relates to the apps, is governed by the customer privacy notice, to which you, as a subscriber, have already agreed. if there is any conflict between provisions of this short-form notice and the applicable customer privacy notices, the customer privacy notices will govern. the use of non-subscriber information is covered solely by this notice.through the apps, altice may also collect the following application specific information:optimum and optimum dvr manager applications: to utilize the optimum and optimum dvr manger applications, you must be a digital cable television subscriber. in conjunction with the digital cable television services provided through these applications, we may automatically collect information when you interact with our systems such as changing your television channel, reviewing listings in an electronic program guide, interacting with your dvr, ordering or viewing on-demand programming, and engaging in other interactive programming features. this information will be used as described in the customer privacy notice(s), including for billing, troubleshooting, operations, or other service related purposes such as vod, program and content recommendation features and functions, e-bill, or use of certain services such as requests for information or product purchases. there is no limitation on altice's use of this information in de-identified or aggregate form.altice one application: to utilize the altice one application, you must be a digital cable television subscriber using the altice one and/or altice one mini box(es). in conjunction with the digital cable television services provided through this application, we may automatically collect information when you interact with our systems such as changing your television channel, reviewing listings in an electronic program guide, interacting with your dvr, ordering or viewing on-demand programming, and engaging in other interactive programming features. this information will be used as described in the customer privacy notice(s), including for billing, troubleshooting, operations, or other service related purposes such as vod, program and content recommendation features and functions, e-bill, or use of certain services such as requests for information or product purchases. there is no limitation on altice's use of this information in de-identified or aggregate form.altice one skill: to utilize the altice one skill, you must be in possession of an alexa enabled speaker, which includes but is not limited to the altice amplify. in conjunction with the functionality provided through this application, we may automatically collect information when you interact with our systems such as changing your television channel, utilizing search functionality, and engaging in other interactive programming features. this information will be used as described in the customer privacy notices, including for internal research, to improve our systems, troubleshooting, operations, and/or other service related purposes. there is no limitation on altice's use of this information in de-identified or aggregate form.please note that any information collected by amazon as a result of your use of the altice one skill will also be subject to amazon's terms of use and privacy policy.optimum wifi register application: in order to utilize the optimum wifi register application to automatically sign in and get online from any of altice's optimum wifi hot spots, you must be an optimum online subscriber and you must explicitly agree that altice may upload and maintain a copy of your mac address. if you are an optimum wifi register user and an optimum online subscriber, we may maintain records of internet protocol addresses assigned to you. we may also collect usage information for the purpose of managing or operating the optimum wifi services. altice does not collect or utilize personally identifiable information from non-subscribers through optimum wifi register.optimum wifi finder application: regardless of whether you are an optimum online subscriber, when you use the optimum wifi finder application to search for a wireless hotspot near you, either by manually entering an address or allowing the application to use your current location, camera, and/or motion features, altice collects information relating to that search ("location data") and uses that information to deliver you a list of wireless hotspots near you. location data collected through the wifi finder may be used to deliver results, manage information concerning your preferences, gather statistics about your visit, and/or to provide and improve current and future services. there is no limitation on altice's use of this information in de-identified or aggregate form. altice does not collect or utilize personally identifiable information from non-subscribers through optimum wifi finder.please note: you may revoke this application's permission to use your current location at any time, using the location services settings on your device.business hosted voice: to utilize the business hosted voice application, you must be a business hosted voice subscriber. in conjunction with the business hosted voice service provided through this application, we may automatically collect call detail records, bhv feature settings (such as call forwarding), and other usage activity. this information will be used as described in the customer privacy notice, including for billing, operations or other service related purposes. there is no limit on altice's user of this information in de-identified or aggregate form.optimum support application: in order to utilize the optimum support application, you must have an existing optimum id and password. the information you provide will be used as described in the customer privacy notices, including for billing, troubleshooting, operations, or other customer service-related purposes. altice also collects location data information which may be used to deliver results, manage information concerning your preferences, and/or to provide and improve current and future services. there is no limitation on altice's use of information in de-identified or aggregate form.b. how we use informationwe may use non-personally identifiable or aggregated usage information from our apps for any purpose, including for programmer, advertiser and internal research, and to improve our systems, the content that subscribers receive, and their service experience (for example, to measure viewership of channels, tv shows and commercials). we may also use this information to provide targeted content for our services such as programming and advertising or provide our recommendation features or functions to you. finally, we may also use this information to deliver relevant third party advertising/promotional messages using your set-top box or through other ip-enabled device applications without disclosing personally identifiable information to these third party advertisers.c. when we disclose informationwe may furnish certain non-personally identifiable information collected from non-subscribers, on either an aggregate or non-aggregate basis in our discretion.d. we may keep information for some timewe generally keep some or all information for as long as necessary for the purpose(s) for which it was collected or as required by law. when information is no longer needed or required to be maintained, we destroy it in accordance with our internal policies.e. questions about the noticeif you have any questions about our privacy protections and notices, please write to us at:alticeattn. shared services dept1111 stewart avenuebethpage, ny 11714f. updates to the noticewe will review this privacy notice periodically as we deem appropriate and when we change or update the apps. altice may, in its sole discretion, change, modify, add, or remove portions of this notice at any time. altice may notify you of any material changes by making the revised notice available to you through the apps, by written or electronic correspondence, or through an update - required or otherwise - to the application. your use of the apps, following notice of such change, modification or amendment, constitutes your acceptance of the revised privacy notice. if you do not agree to any portion of the revised notice, you must cease all use of the application.effective august 5, 2021
company about altice usa careers altice connects terms privacy
about altice usa
careers
altice connects
terms
privacy
shop internet tv optimum mobile internet + mobile savings home phone moving?
internet
tv
optimum mobile
internet + mobile savings
home phone
moving?
products altice one optimum stream pricing and packages
altice one
optimum stream
pricing and packages
help & support customer portal support contact us pay bill upgrades articles covid-19 response
customer portal
support
contact us
pay bill
upgrades
articles
covid-19 response
accessibility
español
optimum business
hotspots
sitemap
store locator
facebook
twitter
linkedin
youtube
instagram
