home
platoonprohardwarecloudsecurity
hardware
cloud
security
autofollow
about uscareers
careers
news
for drivers
blog
privacy notice
privacy notice
this privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for http://peloton-tech.com. this privacy notice applies solely to information collected by this website. this website is owned and operated by peloton technology, inc. (“peloton”). throughout this privacy notice, the terms “we”, “us”, and “our” refer to peloton.
it will notify you of the following:
what personally identifiable information may be collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
information collection, use, and sharing
we are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. we only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you.
we will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request, e.g., to ship an order, perform analytics, or to comply with law enforcement or legal requirements.
unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
your access to and control over information
you may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website.
in addition, you may request: what data we have about you, if any; and change/correction of any data we have about you; the deletion of any data we have about you.
if you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy notice, you should contact us immediately via telephone at (650) 395-7356 or via email at info@peloton-tech.com.
platoonpro
autofollow
who we are
news
careers
videos/photos
for drivers
blog
