productsindustrial sensorsproximity sensorsphotoelectric sensorsindustrial visionultrasonic sensorsrotary encoderspositioning systemsinclination and acceleration sensorsvibration monitoringindustrial communicationidentification systemsdisplays and signal processingconnectivityaccessoriessoftwareexplosion protectionintrinsic safety barrierssignal conditionersfieldconnex ethernet-apl and fieldbus infrastructureremote i/o systemshart interface solutionssurge protectionwireless solutionsintrinsically safe mobile deviceshmi systemselectrical explosion protection equipmentpurge+pressurization systemspower supplieslevel measurementsoftwarequick and easyuse our selection tool and quickly find the right product for your application. product selectorget prepared for the challenges of industry 4.0—with smart solutions from pepperl+fuchs.get prepared for the challenges of industry 4.0—with smart solutions from pepperl+fuchs.
industrial sensorsproximity sensorsphotoelectric sensorsindustrial visionultrasonic sensorsrotary encoderspositioning systemsinclination and acceleration sensorsvibration monitoringindustrial communicationidentification systemsdisplays and signal processingconnectivityaccessoriessoftware
proximity sensors
photoelectric sensors
industrial vision
ultrasonic sensors
rotary encoders
positioning systems
inclination and acceleration sensors
vibration monitoring
industrial communication
identification systems
displays and signal processing
connectivity
accessories
software
explosion protectionintrinsic safety barrierssignal conditionersfieldconnex ethernet-apl and fieldbus infrastructureremote i/o systemshart interface solutionssurge protectionwireless solutionsintrinsically safe mobile deviceshmi systemselectrical explosion protection equipmentpurge+pressurization systemspower supplieslevel measurementsoftware
intrinsic safety barriers
signal conditioners
fieldconnex ethernet-apl and fieldbus infrastructure
remote i/o systems
hart interface solutions
surge protection
wireless solutions
intrinsically safe mobile devices
hmi systems
electrical explosion protection equipment
purge+pressurization systems
power supplies
level measurement
software
quick and easyuse our selection tool and quickly find the right product for your application. product selectorget prepared for the challenges of industry 4.0—with smart solutions from pepperl+fuchs.get prepared for the challenges of industry 4.0—with smart solutions from pepperl+fuchs.
quick and easy
use our selection tool and quickly find the right product for your application.
get prepared for the challenges of industry 4.0—with smart solutions from pepperl+fuchs.
get prepared for the challenges of industry 4.0—with smart solutions from pepperl+fuchs.
marketsindustrial sensorsapplicationsmachine + plant engineeringautomotive industrymobile equipmentrenewable energymaterial handlingprint + paper industrypackaging industryelectronics industryprocess equipmententrance automationexplosion protectionapplicationsoffshore+marineoil+gaschemical industrypharmaceuticspower industrieswater+waste water
industrial sensorsapplicationsmachine + plant engineeringautomotive industrymobile equipmentrenewable energymaterial handlingprint + paper industrypackaging industryelectronics industryprocess equipmententrance automation
applications
machine + plant engineering
automotive industry
mobile equipment
renewable energy
material handling
print + paper industry
packaging industry
electronics industry
process equipment
entrance automation
explosion protectionapplicationsoffshore+marineoil+gaschemical industrypharmaceuticspower industrieswater+waste water
applications
offshore+marine
oil+gas
chemical industry
pharmaceutics
power industries
water+waste water
services+supportcustomer service us distribution centerthe pepperl+fuchs online portalcreate your netpartner loginreturn authorization requestcyber security information and reportingengineering datatraining+seminars in the usacross reference requestdownload technical documentsview all subsidiaries+distributorscustomized solutionsindustrial sensorsask an expertstructure of a pepperl+fuchs type codeliterature for industrial sensorspress releasestechnologiescustomer feedbackexplosion protectionask an expertsystem integratorsproject managementcontrol system solutionsliterature for process automationservice level agreements for ecom instrumentsrelease notes for pepperl+fuchs thin client softwarepress releasestechnologiescustomer feedback
customer service us distribution centerthe pepperl+fuchs online portalcreate your netpartner loginreturn authorization requestcyber security information and reportingengineering datatraining+seminars in the usacross reference requestdownload technical documentsview all subsidiaries+distributorscustomized solutions
us distribution center
the pepperl+fuchs online portal
create your netpartner login
return authorization request
cyber security information and reporting
engineering data
training+seminars in the usa
cross reference request
download technical documents
view all subsidiaries+distributors
customized solutions
industrial sensorsask an expertstructure of a pepperl+fuchs type codeliterature for industrial sensorspress releasestechnologiescustomer feedback
ask an expert
structure of a pepperl+fuchs type code
literature for industrial sensors
press releases
technologies
customer feedback
explosion protectionask an expertsystem integratorsproject managementcontrol system solutionsliterature for process automationservice level agreements for ecom instrumentsrelease notes for pepperl+fuchs thin client softwarepress releasestechnologiescustomer feedback
ask an expert
system integrators
project management
control system solutions
literature for process automation
service level agreements for ecom instruments
release notes for pepperl+fuchs thin client software
press releases
technologies
customer feedback
contact us
careers
—the pepperl+fuchs magazine
about us
what's new?
blog
netpartner login
country select
home
legal notice
privacy policy - pepperl+fuchs, inc., commitment to privacy
privacy policy - pepperl+fuchs, inc., commitment to privacy
pepperl+fuchs, inc. is committed to protecting your online privacy while you use our website. we urge you to read the privacy policy in its entirety so you will understand all of the practices and procedures we follow relating to your online privacy.
this privacy policy is incorporated by reference to the pepperl+fuchs, inc., website terms of use (the "terms of use") and any notices regarding the website and pepperl+fuchs, inc. (hereinafter "pepperl+fuchs, inc."). the terms of use may be accessed at http://www.pepperl-fuchs.ca/canada/en/27529.htm. you may also request a copy of the terms of use and the privacy policy by calling the marketing department within the u.s.a. at 330-425-3555, during normal hours of operation (monday through friday 8:30 am to 5:00 pm).
your access and use of this website constitutes your agreement to all provisions of these terms of use, as well as all applicable laws. it is therefore important that you read these terms of use carefully before using the site as they affect your rights. if you do not agree with these terms of use, please do not access this site.
what this privacy policy covers
in this privacy policy, pepperl+fuchs, inc. will inform you about the type of information that is collected about you on this website, how the information is collected, what the information will be used for, and to whom it will be given. this privacy policy will also tell you how to limit our use of your personal information.
contact our website
this website is the responsibility of pepperl+fuchs, inc.
contact us by mail: 1600 enterprise parkway, twinsburg, ohio 44087contact us by telephone: 330-425-3555contact us by email: sales@us.pepperl-fuchs.comwhat kind of personal information pepperl+fuchs, inc. collects
the privacy and security of your information is important to us. we may ask you to complete and submit to pepperl+fuchs, inc., online profiles when you use this website. if you choose to submit an online profile, we may require you to give us your personal information (such as name, address, email address, and other information). we take care to protect your online data profiles that you create and submit to us when using this website. these online profiles are used by pepperl+fuchs, inc. to fulfill our internal purposes in serving you, our customer. additionally, some information about your server address, web browser and computer system are automatically transmitted to our web servers so that we can operate our website on the internet. in addition, as part of our website operation, we reserve the right to collect and automatically track:
the home server ip address and domain names, email addresses, type of computer, and type of web browser you are using while you visit our website; and,
information on what pages of the website you access
information volunteered by you at the website such as online profile information, survey information, and/or website registration information.
additionally, pepperl+fuchs, inc. reserves the right to collect other forms of personal information such as the financial information, credit card information, and other similar information when necessary to complete a transaction.
how we use your personal information
pepperl+fuchs, inc., stores its customer information in a secure database to fulfill your requests for certain services and to contact you about our products and services that we think might be of interest to you. a few select employees of pepperl+fuchs, inc. have access to your personal information for monitoring, marketing, demographic, and promotional purposes as well as to assist us in customizing the content of our website to provide information that may be of interest to you. this may include responding to your requests for information and improving our website.
users have the option to participate in submitting their online profile information for the purposes of contacting by email or regular mail or telemarketing.
unless required to do so by law, we will not reveal to any party the information contained in the online profile that you submit to us. additionally, we will not sell or rent your personally identifiable information to other companies unless (i) we have your permission to do so, (ii) we notify you before you submit your online profile (including within this privacy policy) that such information could be published, rented, sold, or otherwise shared, (iii) we are required to do so by law, court order, or other legal process, or (iv) we believe it to be necessary to protect the integrity or security of our website, our business, or an individual's personal safety.
notwithstanding anything contained in this privacy policy to the contrary, pepperl+fuchs, inc. may share your personally identifiable information with other companies when:
we provide your information to another company that assists us in providing you services, such as an affiliate or business partner of pepperl+fuchs, inc.
we find that your actions on our website violates our terms of use agreement that you agree to by using our website, or;
we may sell or otherwise transfer such information to a successor of pepperl+fuchs, inc., or any subsidiary or division of pepperl+fuchs, inc. in connection with an asset sale, merger, consolidation, divestiture, stock sale, or other corporate transaction, or by way of assignment (whether by operation of law or otherwise) in connection with any such or similar transaction or in connection with the administration of a bankruptcy estate.
security
the importance of security for all personally identifiable information associated with our users is of great concern to us. we utilize security measures believed to be industry-standard measures to protect the online profiles that you submit to pepperl+fuchs, inc. and the fulfillment of your information requests through our website. these security measures are intended to protect the loss, misuse, or alteration of information that is in our possession and under our control. however, these security measures may not fully protect information in all cases. therefore, you should exercise care in using this website.
some of the applications on this website require that you register with us before access is granted. once access is granted, you will access these applications with a username and password. you should protect this information carefully, and notify pepperl+fuchs, inc. immediately of any unauthorized use of your username and password. we retain this information for an indeterminate period of time.
cookies
a cookie is a piece of data stored on the user's computer tied to information about the user. cookies help web surfing by saving visitor preferences and other information. the use of cookies is a widespread industry standard and thus many websites use cookies. for a session id cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates. a persistent cookie is a small text file stored on the user's hard drive for an extended period of time. persistent cookies can be removed by following internet browser help file directions.
most web browsers are initially configured to accept and process cookies. you can set your browser to notify you to either accept or deny the cookie.
more extensive information concerning cookies is available on the world wide web by performing a general search for the word 'cookies'. if  you have any questions concerning our use of cookies, please contact us.
our website uses cookies to enhance our site.
profiles
our website does create a user profile.
communications from the site
when customers provide us with contact information, we use the information to contact the user to deliver sales and product information that will be useful to them. (users can opt out by following the directions in our 'opting-out' section.)
opting-out
you may opt-out of having your personal information collected by contacting us by email at optout@us.pepperl-fuchs.com, regular mail, or telephone. please note that in order to fulfill certain obligations, we may need to continue sending you notices or other important information concerning any orders or services you request. if you submit to pepperl+fuchs, inc. contact information, we reserve the right to send you periodic email messages or mailings or contact you by telephone, and to share this contact information with our affiliates or business partners so that they may send you periodic email messages or mailings or contact you by telephone, regarding new products and services or upcoming events. you may opt-out of having your contact information for these purposes by contacting us as set forth above.
requesting to see your personal information
you may request via email, regular mail, or telephone, that we provide you with the personal information we have concerning you. once you receive this information, you may request that we modify or remove any of your personal information. we reserve the right to verify your identity before sending you this information.
links to other websites
our website may contain links to other internet websites. we encourage our partners, contributors, and other third parties to implement policies and practices that respect your privacy. we are not, however, responsible for other website's privacy practices or website content. occasionally, you may receive cookies from third party advertisers, partners, and vendors. we do not control these cookies.
pepperl+fuchs, inc. shall not be liable for any damages, irrespective of their nature, incurred by you in connection with the use or non-use of third parties' websites.
changes to this privacy policy
we reserve the right to change this policy at any time. we ask that you review this privacy policy from time to time to insure that you are familiar with the most current version of it.
acceptance of this privacy policy
by using this website, you agree to the terms as well as any posted changes of this privacy policy. by using this website, you hereby consent to the collection and use of this information by pepperl+fuchs, inc. if you do not agree to the terms, do not use our website.
resolving privacy policy disputes
if  you think we have not followed our privacy policy in some way, it can be resolved in the following manner:
contact our website
this website is the responsibility of pepperl+fuchs, inc.
contact us by mail: 1600 enterprise parkway. twinsburg, ohio 44087contact us by telephone: 330-425-3555contact us by email: sales@us.pepperl-fuchs.comsee also our terms of use for legal jurisdiction and information pertaining to the operation of our website.
date of last update: february 17, 2021
industrial sensors
explosion protection
disclaimer
general data protection information
privacy policy—pepperl+fuchs, inc., commitment to privacy
privacy policy governing electronic newsletters
privacy policy governing use of our online services
california consumer privacy statement
pepperl+fuchs lifetime warranty registration form (pdf, 116 kb)
pepperl+fuchs inc.1600 enterprise parkwaytwinsburg,  oh 44087united states of americasales@us.pepperl-fuchs.com +1 330 425-3555
home
industrial sensors
explosion protection
products
markets+applications
contact us
about us
careers
what's new?
amplify
select country
sitemap
legal notice
disclaimer
privacy policy
pepperl+fuchs is a leading developer and manufacturer of electronic sensors and components for the global automation market. continuous innovation, enduring quality, and steady growth have been the foundation of our success for more than 70 years. pepperl+fuchs employs 6,300 people worldwide and has manufacturing facilities in germany, usa, singapore, hungary, indonesia and vietnam, most of them iso 9001 certified. pepperl+fuchs does not sell personal data.
