solutionsadvertising audiences social distancingmeasurementintelligencelicensing
advertising
audiences
social distancing
measurement
intelligence
licensing
resourcesblogcase studiesresource librarycovid-19 dashboard
blog
case studies
resource library
covid-19 dashboard
companyabout placeiqcareersnews & presspartnersprivacy
about placeiq
careers
news & press
partners
privacy
contact us
privacy
placeiq privacy statement
placeiq provides its services (such as marketing and advertising, data analytics, and data research) using the information and location-centric data that we compile about the movement, activities, and places mobile devices visit. the following describes our data collection and use practices for the information that we collect and the data we receive from our data partners (such as mobile app publishers and developers) about individuals. it also describes the choices available to you regarding the use of that information and data. this statement doesn’t apply to the data collection and use practices of our clients and partners and the websites, services, and applications that they operate.
if you are a consumer looking to access or make changes to your device data, please see the ccpa requests section. feel free to peruse the rest of the page to understand what kind of data we collect, where it comes from, how it is used, and how we keep it safe. our goal is to be completely transparent with our processes. if you have any further questions, you can reach out at privacy@placeiq.com.
information we collect
we collect information and data in the following ways:
information you give us
when you ask to be contacted or have questions about our products and services and you provide us with your contact information (like your name and email address).
data we collect
when you visit our website or when our services are used (by us or by our customers), certain information and data is automatically collected. our servers collect technical information about your browser or device that it sends when you visit a website or when an advertisement is displayed or measured through our services. these server logs collect information such as the web request, internet protocol (ip) address or device identifier, browser type, referring / exit pages and urls, number of clicks, impressions served, domain names, landing pages, pages viewed, and other such information. we (and/or our customers and partners) use cookies and web beacons to collect this data (over time and across websites, mobile apps, and devices). these tools (among other things) help us to deliver ads, count impressions, recognize visitors, and provide analytics about the effectiveness of an advertisement. we also use google analytics (or other analytics providers) to help us understand the use of our website.
data we receive from others
we receive data that was initially collected (over time and across websites, mobile apps, and devices) by our data partners (such as mobile app publishers and developers, advertising networks and exchanges and other websites and services), which includes:
movement data. we receive data that may provide information about the places people go and visit with their mobile devices (if the mobile or other location-aware device is configured to share its location data when the device or a mobile application on the device is in use or when operating in the background). in addition to location, we receive a device identifier and other information about that device (such as the browser or device type, ip address or app publisher, operating system, carrier provider, and other similar device-specific information). we do not receive the phone number or the unique hardware device id of a mobile device. we identify devices using the advertising id or a randomly assigned unique identifier (that is created through our own system).
as a member of the network advertising initiative (“nai”), we adhere to the nai’s opt-in consent requirement regarding the use of precise location information for tailored advertising or ad delivery and reporting purposes. all movement data that is used by placeiq is collected after the mobile phone user has “opted-in” to sharing movement data but agreeing affirmatively to sharing location data, sharing it with third parties, and sharing data for the use cases of advertising, measurement, and analytics.
data we receive but do not "process"
we are one of 24 founding members of the mobile marketing association’s location privacy alliance (“lpa”). this group was founded in 2019 under the belief that “marketplace agreement on the ethical use of precise location data will foster innovation and enable marketplace growth while protecting consumers from inappropriate use of their location data for marketing or advertising purposes on mobile devices”.
the lpa’s greatest impact will be a stated code of locations deemed sensitive – and which therefore will not be targeted for advertising. placeiq will sign this oath and go further by adding additional categories. we also will exceed this standard by not reflecting sensitive location categories in our basemap – in other words, we will render sensitive locations unmeasurable because they will not “exist” on our basemap. technically, it merely adds a handful of categories to our long-existing policies.
locations not understood in the placeiq system:
places of worship such as locations in use as gatherings for purposes of religious worship;
correctional facilities;
places that identify or suggest a lgbtq+ sexual preference;
places that identify or suggest a sexual interest;
places which are predominantly occupied by children under 16 (e.g., nursery school, elementary and middle school, day care center)
domestic abuse shelters, such as rape crisis centers and shelters for abused or battered men, women or children;
social service centers such as homeless shelters and halfway houses;
dependency treatment such as alcohol, gambling or drug treatment centers;
locations where firearms are sold or used (e.g., gun dealer, shooting range) excluding general sporting and retail locations;
medical facilities that cater predominantly to sensitive conditions, such as cancer centers, hiv/aids, planned parenthood, mental health treatment facilities or emergency room trauma centers;
military bases (including recruitment centers located on military bases), first responder locations such as fire department or police department;
places associated with services for marginalized groups including refugee centers and immigrant services;
locations understood and not used in ad targeting only:
voting booths;
credit repair, debt services, bankruptcy services or payday lending institutions; or
legal services offices (e.g., lawyers, bail bondsmen) that cater predominantly to clientele in vulnerable situations such as divorce or criminal lawyers;
data we receive from other sources
we receive data and information from other data sources about places that we use to verify their location, to classify those locations (such as a business, residential parcel, or other point of interest), and to identify the location’s boundaries. we also receive other contextual data and information (such as consumer purchasing data, tv viewership, or other demographics) that can be attributed to a location or place.
note about children. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children. if we learn that we have collected personal information of a child under 16, we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
how we use the information we collect
we associate the data and information that we collect with the data and information we receive from others. our technology contextualizes and aggregates this data.
the location intelligence we derive (and infer) from the data and the information we amass is the basis of the services we provide:
for marketing and advertising purposes (such as to display and optimize advertisements, to create audience segments, and to provide measurement and reporting services),
for capturing and understanding the interests, activities, and trends of consumers (online and in the real world),
for data analytics and data services (such as for marketing and advertising, trend analysis, or market research), and
for providing, maintaining, and improving the products and services we offer (and to develop new products and services).
note about personally identifiable information. in some cases, we receive information that can identify a specific person. we use this type of information for statistical, analytical, and logistical purposes and for improving the products and services we offer. we do not use this type of information for targeting advertisements (other than at an aggregated level, such as zip code), although, we do use personally identifiable information to help synchronize our data sets with our customers’ or our partners’ data sets (to find matches through a common identifier).
we do not display or target advertisements based on information or an activity that is deemed to be “sensitive” (based on local laws or applicable industry standards).
we may use (and store) the data and information we collect and receive on servers that may be located outside the country where you live.
information we share with others
we share the data and information we compile about someone in an aggregated way or using advertising ids or anonymous identifiers:
to display and optimize advertisements (like improving the relevancy of the advertisements displayed, tailoring them to certain interests, or creating audience segments),
for measurement, statistics, usage reporting, and other data analytics, and
for industry analysis, demographic profiling, market research and other such purposes.
in certain cases, we share personally identifiable information:
when a person has given their consent to do so (like where you are notified that the information you submit will be shared in a particular way and you then provide that information),
with service providers who help us provide our services (if it is necessary, but they are not permitted to disclose or to use that information for any other purpose),
with our partners and customers (if it is necessary to provide our products and services (such as to match data sets) but they are not permitted to disclose or to use that information for any other purpose),
when we believe that we are legally authorized or required to do so, or where doing so is reasonably necessary or appropriate to comply with the law or legal processes or to respond to lawful requests or legal authorities (such as a subpoena or court order),
if it is necessary to defend or to protect our rights, property, or interests, and
in connection with a corporate transaction (like a financing, acquisition, sale of company assets, or bankruptcy) where this information would be disclosed or transferred as one of our business assets.
compliance and certifications
we are a member of the following organizations and adhere to their privacy guidelines and self-regulatory principles. these organizations establish and enforce responsible privacy practices for the digital advertising industry (for online and mobile environments).
we follow the self-regulatory principles for “personalized advertising” (interest-based and online behavioral advertising) published by the digital advertising alliance (daa) and the code of conduct promulgated by the network advertising initiative (nai). we will honor the opt-out signals for personalized advertising that are provided directly to us or that we receive from our data partners. at this time, we are not able to respond to a do not track browser signal (instead, you would need to opt out of receiving personalized advertising as described below).

ccpa compliance / ccpa privacy policy
while ccpa is a california law, we are honoring the ccpa requirements for all united states residents.
information for california residents
california consumers’ rights and choices
if you are a california resident, california law permits you to request information regarding the:
categories of personal information (as defined by applicable california law) collected, sold or disclosed by us;
purposes for which categories of personal information collected by us are used;
sources of information from which we collect personal information; and
specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you.
in addition, if you are a california resident you may:
opt-out of the sale or disclosure of your personal information, in some circumstances;
opt-out of receiving marketing communications from us; however, you may still receive administrative communications regarding the services;
opt-in to certain financial incentive programs we may offer related to the collection, sale, or deletion of your personal information; and
request deletion of your personal information by us and our service providers, in some circumstances.
collection and disclosure of personal information from california residents
the table below outlines how we handle personal information from california residents.
we share or sell the categories of personal information listed above with the following categories of third parties:
advertising technology companies, such as advertising networks.
analytics providers.
consumer data resellers.
vendors and service providers.
third parties as required by law and similar disclosures.
third parties in connection with a merger, sale, or asset transfer.
other third parties for whom we have obtained your permission to disclose your personal information.

requests
you can make the following requests related to your california privacy rights with the placeiq privacy navigator app:
access my personal information
delete my personal information
do not sell my personal information

placeiq privacy navigator app:
apple/ios users: https://apps.apple.com/us/app/placeiq-privacy-navigator/id1492102465?ls=1android users: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.placeiq

why do i need to use the privacy navigator app to opt out of data collection?
because placeiq does not ever collect the following information, we created a safe and secure way to identify your mobile device in our data, and confirm that you are the owner of the mobile advertising id associated with your mobile device.
placeiq does not collect the following:
name
address
email
phone number
current location
hardware device id
note: if you are currently not on a mobile device, please visit placeiq.com/privacy on your mobile devices and then click on the appropriate link above to be directed to our privacy app. your mobile advertising id is the only way we can connect you to your device and therefore it is necessary to download the app and complete the flow to provide us with that id.
you may also make those requests by calling 1-800-311-2414.
please be aware that we do not accept or process requests through other means (e.g., via fax, social media, email addresses, etc.).
we will review the information provided and may request additional information to ensure we are interacting with the correct individual. please also be aware that making any such request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal or deletion of personal information or content you may have posted, and there may be circumstances in which the law does not require or allow us to fulfill your request.
children
our services are not directed to children, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16. if you learn that a child has provided us with personal information, then you may contact us as indicated above.
do not track
placeiq, inc. does not currently take steps to respond to browsers’ “do not track” signals as no uniform standard to respond to such signals has been developed at this time.
your choices
if you don’t want the data that is collected about you to be used for certain purposes, you have options (in addition to ccpa):
location settings
if you want to limit or prevent location data from your device from being collected, you can adjust this capability through your mobile device settings. instructions on how to manage your location settings are available for current android devices, older versions of android, and ios devices.
security and data retention
we use physical, administrative, and technical safeguards that are designed to preserve the integrity and security of the data we receive, however, we cannot ensure the absolute security of any information or data transmitted to us or that is stored on our services.
we retain the data and information that we collect for as long as is necessary to support our business needs (or as required by law), but we do not retain location data about a device for more than 24 months (from when we received the data).
changes
if we change our data collection and/or use practices, we will post an updated statement (and a more prominent notice if the changes are significant) with the new practices and when they go into effect. the data and information that we collect is subject to the privacy statement in effect at the time the data and information was collected by us.
contacting us
for questions about our privacy practices, contact us at privacy@placeiq.com  or placeiq, inc., attn: privacy, 1732 1st ave #20951, new york, ny 10128. if you are not satisfied with our response you can contact the nai.
for questions about a particular website or mobile application, you will need to contact that business or publisher regarding their privacy practices about the collection and use of the information collected from your device by their website or mobile application.
placeiq, inc. 1732 1st ave #20951 new york, ny 10128
sales@placeiq.com
privacy partners


news & insights
blog
news & press
case studies
resource library
subscribe
solutions
advertising
intelligence
licensing
company
about placeiq
careers
contact us
consumer options:
privacy policy,
ccpa & do not sell my personal information
