pny global
login
register
consumerview all productsgeforce graphicssolid state drivesmemoryflash memory cardsusb flash drivesotg flash driveshp authorized productslearn moreabout pnypress centerpny blogcareerspny elite teameventsredefine possibilitiesuhs-ii flash memory cardsddr5 the next evolutionaccelerate your ps5 gamingcontact usshop pnywhere to buyprevious generation geforceprevious generation ssdrefurbished geforce graphics
view all productsgeforce graphicssolid state drivesmemoryflash memory cardsusb flash drivesotg flash driveshp authorized products
geforce graphics
solid state drives
memory
flash memory cards
usb flash drives
otg flash drives
hp authorized products
learn moreabout pnypress centerpny blogcareerspny elite teameventsredefine possibilitiesuhs-ii flash memory cardsddr5 the next evolutionaccelerate your ps5 gamingcontact us
about pny
press center
pny blog
careers
pny elite team
events
redefine possibilities
uhs-ii flash memory cards
ddr5 the next evolution
accelerate your ps5 gaming
contact us
shop pnywhere to buyprevious generation geforceprevious generation ssdrefurbished geforce graphics
where to buy
previous generation geforce
previous generation ssd
refurbished geforce graphics
professionalexplore our productsnvidia professional graphicsnvidia data center gpusnvidia embedded gpu solutionsnvidia networking solutionsnvidia clara agxnvidia certified systemsnvidia geforce graphics cardssolid state drivesflash memory cardsmemoryusb flash drivesotg flash driveshtc authorized productslearn moreabout nvidia gpusnvidia rtx amperenvidia rtx turingrtx in workstationsdata science workstationsrtx in data centersnvidia omniverse enterprisegpu virtualizationnvidia ai enterprisenvidia metropolisvirtual realityartificial intelligencepny creatorsmarketsmarket solutionsabout ssdsresource centerwhere to buyabout pnypartner programwebinarsnvidia pro graphics configuratorpress centerproduct brochurese-guide seriessupportcontact uscommercial rma request formeventspny bloglegacy nvidia quadro productslegacy nvidia nvs productslegacy nvidia data center gpus
explore our productsnvidia professional graphicsnvidia data center gpusnvidia embedded gpu solutionsnvidia networking solutionsnvidia clara agxnvidia certified systemsnvidia geforce graphics cardssolid state drivesflash memory cardsmemoryusb flash drivesotg flash driveshtc authorized products
nvidia professional graphics
nvidia data center gpus
nvidia embedded gpu solutions
nvidia networking solutions
nvidia clara agx
nvidia certified systems
nvidia geforce graphics cards
solid state drives
flash memory cards
memory
usb flash drives
otg flash drives
htc authorized products
learn moreabout nvidia gpusnvidia rtx amperenvidia rtx turingrtx in workstationsdata science workstationsrtx in data centersnvidia omniverse enterprisegpu virtualizationnvidia ai enterprisenvidia metropolisvirtual realityartificial intelligencepny creatorsmarketsmarket solutionsabout ssds
about nvidia gpus
nvidia rtx ampere
nvidia rtx turing
rtx in workstations
data science workstations
rtx in data centers
nvidia omniverse enterprise
gpu virtualization
nvidia ai enterprise
nvidia metropolis
virtual reality
artificial intelligence
pny creators
marketsmarket solutions
market solutions
about ssds
resource centerwhere to buyabout pnypartner programwebinarsnvidia pro graphics configuratorpress centerproduct brochurese-guide series
where to buy
about pny
partner program
webinars
nvidia pro graphics configurator
press center
product brochures
e-guide series
supportcontact uscommercial rma request formeventspny bloglegacy nvidia quadro productslegacy nvidia nvs productslegacy nvidia data center gpus
contact us
commercial rma request form
events
pny blog
legacy nvidia quadro products
legacy nvidia nvs products
legacy nvidia data center gpus
oemexplore our productsnvidia professional graphics cardsgeforce graphics cardsmemoryflash memory cardsusb flash drivesnvidia embedded gpu solutionslearn moreoverviewabout pnyour solutionsview our distributorscontact us
explore our productsnvidia professional graphics cardsgeforce graphics cardsmemoryflash memory cardsusb flash drivesnvidia embedded gpu solutions
nvidia professional graphics cards
geforce graphics cards
memory
flash memory cards
usb flash drives
nvidia embedded gpu solutions
learn moreoverviewabout pnyour solutionsview our distributorscontact us
overview
about pny
our solutions
view our distributors
contact us
gamingxlr8 productsxlr8 geforce graphics cardsxlr8 solid state drivesxlr8 memorylearn moreaccelerate your gamingvelocity xxlr8 moddingaccelerate your ps5 gamingcommunityxlr8 giveawaysxlr8 wallpapers
xlr8 productsxlr8 geforce graphics cardsxlr8 solid state drivesxlr8 memory
xlr8 geforce graphics cards
xlr8 solid state drives
xlr8 memory
learn moreaccelerate your gamingvelocity xxlr8 moddingaccelerate your ps5 gaming
accelerate your gaming
velocity x
xlr8 modding
accelerate your ps5 gaming
communityxlr8 giveawaysxlr8 wallpapers
xlr8 giveaways
xlr8 wallpapers
shop
support
where to buy
privacy policy
privacy statement
please read carefully before using the site
at pny technologies ("pny"), we believe it is important to protect the privacy of our customers and guests who visit our website ("the site") or use e-mail to communicate with us. we know that you care about how your personal information is collected, updated, used and shared; and we want you to make knowledgeable choices about the information you provide to us.
this privacy statement describes our policies and practices for the site and e-mail communications in the areas of: notice, consent, access, security, and enforcement.
by using our website ("the site"), you agree to these policies.
generalgeneralwe will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you ("personal information"). generally this information is requested if you place an on-line order for our products, if you register for an account on the site, or if you contact us for information. we use your personal information for the following primary purposes: to facilitate your orders of our products.to make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.to help you quickly find information on the site.to help us create content most relevant to you.to alert you to special offers, updated information and other new services from pny.collected informationpny may collect information from you in several different ways on the site including the following: on-line ordering and account registration. in order to process orders for our products that you place with us, we will collect personal information in order to process appropriate charges to you. we may also establish individual user accounts on the site to improve service and make special offers to you. during account registration and or on-line ordering we may collect such personal information as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number, expiration date, and billing and shipping information as necessary.referral informationthe site may include a referral service whereby you may provide information on other persons or entities (such as name and email address) in order to inform them about the site and our products. if you provide such referral information, pny may send email messages to the referred party inviting them to visit the site, or to otherwise inform them about our products. the referred party may contact pny at webmaster@pny.com to request the removal of their information from the pny database.site usagepny may monitor your activities, preferences, and transactional data (such as your ip address) relating to your use of the site and/or services and log this information. this information may be used to diagnose site technical problems, or problems with your account.cookiescookies are data files that are written onto your computer by a website, and stay there unless removed by you. cookies enable us to recognize your computer when you revisit the site, and recall your site preferences to enhance your experience in using the site. we do not use cookies to collect or use any information about your visits to other websites and do not knowingly allow any third party (other than our affiliates) to create cookies or otherwise collect any information from our site. consult your browser help menu to learn more about how you can configure your browser software to notify you when your computer receives a new cookie. note that you may also be able to configure your browser to disable the creation of cookies entirely (although your full interactive use of the site may be adversely impacted if you do this).       third party sourcesto better serve you, pny may supplement the information received from you with information from 3rd party sources. to enhance its ability to tailor the site to your preferences, pny may combine habit data with similar data from its business or advertising partners, to create more personalized user profiles.             disclosure of collected informationas a general policy, pny does not knowingly or intentionally disclose to non-affiliated third parties any specific personal information about you that we collect via the site including your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card information, billing or shipping information, site usage, or site preferences. however, we reserve the right to outsource certain activities such as shipping and credit card processing to our business partners. in such case, we will disclose to these business partners only such information as is required to facilitate your transactions, and we will require our business partners to protect and refrain from disclosing your information to other third parties. further, pny will cooperate with official law enforcement inquiries, such as fraud investigations and subpoenas, and will disclose your information when necessary to comply with state and federal laws and regulations.
generalwe will ask you when we need information that personally identifies you or allows us to contact you ("personal information"). generally this information is requested if you place an on-line order for our products, if you register for an account on the site, or if you contact us for information. we use your personal information for the following primary purposes: to facilitate your orders of our products.to make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.to help you quickly find information on the site.to help us create content most relevant to you.to alert you to special offers, updated information and other new services from pny.
to make the site easier for you to use by not having to enter information more than once.
to help you quickly find information on the site.
to help us create content most relevant to you.
to alert you to special offers, updated information and other new services from pny.
collected informationpny may collect information from you in several different ways on the site including the following: on-line ordering and account registration. in order to process orders for our products that you place with us, we will collect personal information in order to process appropriate charges to you. we may also establish individual user accounts on the site to improve service and make special offers to you. during account registration and or on-line ordering we may collect such personal information as your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address, credit card number, expiration date, and billing and shipping information as necessary.
referral informationthe site may include a referral service whereby you may provide information on other persons or entities (such as name and email address) in order to inform them about the site and our products. if you provide such referral information, pny may send email messages to the referred party inviting them to visit the site, or to otherwise inform them about our products. the referred party may contact pny at webmaster@pny.com to request the removal of their information from the pny database.site usagepny may monitor your activities, preferences, and transactional data (such as your ip address) relating to your use of the site and/or services and log this information. this information may be used to diagnose site technical problems, or problems with your account.cookiescookies are data files that are written onto your computer by a website, and stay there unless removed by you. cookies enable us to recognize your computer when you revisit the site, and recall your site preferences to enhance your experience in using the site. we do not use cookies to collect or use any information about your visits to other websites and do not knowingly allow any third party (other than our affiliates) to create cookies or otherwise collect any information from our site. consult your browser help menu to learn more about how you can configure your browser software to notify you when your computer receives a new cookie. note that you may also be able to configure your browser to disable the creation of cookies entirely (although your full interactive use of the site may be adversely impacted if you do this).       third party sourcesto better serve you, pny may supplement the information received from you with information from 3rd party sources. to enhance its ability to tailor the site to your preferences, pny may combine habit data with similar data from its business or advertising partners, to create more personalized user profiles.
site usagepny may monitor your activities, preferences, and transactional data (such as your ip address) relating to your use of the site and/or services and log this information. this information may be used to diagnose site technical problems, or problems with your account.
cookiescookies are data files that are written onto your computer by a website, and stay there unless removed by you. cookies enable us to recognize your computer when you revisit the site, and recall your site preferences to enhance your experience in using the site. we do not use cookies to collect or use any information about your visits to other websites and do not knowingly allow any third party (other than our affiliates) to create cookies or otherwise collect any information from our site. consult your browser help menu to learn more about how you can configure your browser software to notify you when your computer receives a new cookie. note that you may also be able to configure your browser to disable the creation of cookies entirely (although your full interactive use of the site may be adversely impacted if you do this).
third party sourcesto better serve you, pny may supplement the information received from you with information from 3rd party sources. to enhance its ability to tailor the site to your preferences, pny may combine habit data with similar data from its business or advertising partners, to create more personalized user profiles.
disclosure of collected informationas a general policy, pny does not knowingly or intentionally disclose to non-affiliated third parties any specific personal information about you that we collect via the site including your name, address, phone number, e-mail address, credit card information, billing or shipping information, site usage, or site preferences. however, we reserve the right to outsource certain activities such as shipping and credit card processing to our business partners. in such case, we will disclose to these business partners only such information as is required to facilitate your transactions, and we will require our business partners to protect and refrain from disclosing your information to other third parties. further, pny will cooperate with official law enforcement inquiries, such as fraud investigations and subpoenas, and will disclose your information when necessary to comply with state and federal laws and regulations.
consentif you choose not to provide personal information on the site when requested, you can still use most of the site, however you will not be able to place on-line orders for our products, access areas that require registration, or use certain other features of the site. it is our intent to inform you before we collect personal information via our site information forms, and to tell you what we intend to do with the information. you have the option not to provide the information, and in the future you may also be able to "opt out" of certain uses of the information. we presently do not offer our site visitors with automated options to instruct us to limit data use and disclosure. if you would like to request us to limit the use and disclosure of data that we may collect from you, you may submit such requests via the forms provided on our contact us page. pny is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, and we’ll only use your personal information to administer your account and to provide the products and services you requested from us. from time to time, we would like to contact you about our products and services, as well as other content that may be of interest to you, only once you have provided your consent. by clicking submit on a pny form, you consent to allow pny to store and process the personal information submitted to provide you the content requested.
accesspny presently does not offer our site visitors with automated means to access or correct information that we may have collected about you. if you would like to request such access or correction, you may submit such requests via the forms provided on our contact us page.
securitypny takes commercially reasonable steps to protect the security of your personal information, and honors your choices for its intended use. we carefully protect your data from loss, misuse, unauthorized access or disclosure, alteration, or destruction both online and off-line. to the extent that you are asked to enter sensitive information (such as credit card number) online at the site, that information is protected from access by any third parties using commercial practices prevalent within the online industry (e.g., secure sockets layer ("ssl") technology). when such security technology is used, depending on your browser software, you will be notified by various means such as by the "lock" icon located at the bottom the netscape navigator and microsoft internet explorer screens.
enforcementif for some reason you believe pny has not adhered to the principles of this privacy statement, please notify us by e-mail at webmaster@pny.com, and we will do our best to determine and correct the problem promptly.
additonal informationlinksthe site may contain links to other sites, however, please be aware that pny is not responsible for and cannot control the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage you to be aware when you leave the site, and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the pny site.notification of privacy statement changesnotice of any changes to this privacy statement will be posted on the pny homepage so that you can always be aware of what information pny collects, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, it will be disclosed. we reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time, and it is your responsibility to visit this page and to learn of our revised privacy policy. at our option, we also may send e-mail notices and reminders to you concerning this privacy policy from time to time, but you should check this website frequently for any recent changes.
linksthe site may contain links to other sites, however, please be aware that pny is not responsible for and cannot control the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage you to be aware when you leave the site, and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by the pny site.
notification of privacy statement changesnotice of any changes to this privacy statement will be posted on the pny homepage so that you can always be aware of what information pny collects, how it is used, and under what circumstances, if any, it will be disclosed. we reserve the right to change this privacy policy at any time, and it is your responsibility to visit this page and to learn of our revised privacy policy. at our option, we also may send e-mail notices and reminders to you concerning this privacy policy from time to time, but you should check this website frequently for any recent changes.
product support
product registration
technology glossary
contact us
product recalls
commercial rma
retail rma
pro partner portal
why pny
about pny
press center
pro in the news
webinars
events
resource center
careers
where to buy
contact us
legal overview
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms of use
terms of sale
disclaimer & 3rd party links
terms of use
privacy policy
