industriescommunicationsbonding & groundingcopper networksdemarcationfiber networkspole line hardwareenergydistributiontransmissionsubstationfiber utilityinspection servicessolarground mountspole mountsroof mountscarportsspecial industriesagriculturearboristelevatorindustrial & constructionmetal buildingstower & antennaurethaneinspection serviceselectric vehicle
communicationsbonding & groundingcopper networksdemarcationfiber networkspole line hardware
bonding & grounding
copper networks
demarcation
fiber networks
pole line hardware
energydistributiontransmissionsubstationfiber utilityinspection services
distribution
transmission
substation
fiber utility
inspection services
solarground mountspole mountsroof mountscarports
ground mounts
pole mounts
roof mounts
carports
special industriesagriculturearboristelevatorindustrial & constructionmetal buildingstower & antennaurethane
agriculture
arborist
elevator
industrial & construction
metal buildings
tower & antenna
urethane
inspection services
electric vehicle
productscommunicationsburied service wire closuresdead-ends & accessoriesfiber optic closureshardware for adsspre-terminated cabinetsprotective guards & markersstainless steel splice casesview all >>energy distributionguying productsmotion controlinsulatorsprotective guards & markersrepair productstieswildlife protectionview all >>energy transmissioncompression hardwareguying productsmotion controlrepair productsspacers & dampersstring assemblies & hardwaresuspension & supportview all >>fiber utilitycable storageclosures & splice caseshardware for aerial fttphardware for adsshardware for opgwmotion controlview all >>solarcarportspower rail™power peak™power max™top-of-pole mountview all >>special industriesbrace-gripsdead-endsreeving splicestree-grip™vari-grip™wedge-grip™vine-line® connectorview all >>
communicationsburied service wire closuresdead-ends & accessoriesfiber optic closureshardware for adsspre-terminated cabinetsprotective guards & markersstainless steel splice casesview all >>energy distributionguying productsmotion controlinsulatorsprotective guards & markersrepair productstieswildlife protectionview all >>energy transmissioncompression hardwareguying productsmotion controlrepair productsspacers & dampersstring assemblies & hardwaresuspension & supportview all >>
communicationsburied service wire closuresdead-ends & accessoriesfiber optic closureshardware for adsspre-terminated cabinetsprotective guards & markersstainless steel splice casesview all >>
buried service wire closures
dead-ends & accessories
fiber optic closures
hardware for adss
pre-terminated cabinets
protective guards & markers
stainless steel splice cases
view all >>
energy distributionguying productsmotion controlinsulatorsprotective guards & markersrepair productstieswildlife protectionview all >>
guying products
motion control
insulators
protective guards & markers
repair products
ties
wildlife protection
view all >>
energy transmissioncompression hardwareguying productsmotion controlrepair productsspacers & dampersstring assemblies & hardwaresuspension & supportview all >>
compression hardware
guying products
motion control
repair products
spacers & dampers
string assemblies & hardware
suspension & support
view all >>
fiber utilitycable storageclosures & splice caseshardware for aerial fttphardware for adsshardware for opgwmotion controlview all >>solarcarportspower rail™power peak™power max™top-of-pole mountview all >>special industriesbrace-gripsdead-endsreeving splicestree-grip™vari-grip™wedge-grip™vine-line® connectorview all >>
fiber utilitycable storageclosures & splice caseshardware for aerial fttphardware for adsshardware for opgwmotion controlview all >>
cable storage
closures & splice cases
hardware for aerial fttp
hardware for adss
hardware for opgw
motion control
view all >>
solarcarportspower rail™power peak™power max™top-of-pole mountview all >>
carports
power rail™
power peak™
power max™
top-of-pole mount
view all >>
special industriesbrace-gripsdead-endsreeving splicestree-grip™vari-grip™wedge-grip™vine-line® connectorview all >>
brace-grips
dead-ends
reeving splices
tree-grip™
vari-grip™
wedge-grip™
vine-line® connector
view all >>
support & contactcontact salescommunicationsenergyspecial industriessolarcontact supportrequest literatureproduct trainingsupplier resources
contact salescommunicationsenergyspecial industriessolar
communications
energy
special industries
solar
contact support
request literature
product training
supplier resources
global operations
about usour companyour historycareersinvestor relationsfinancial reportssec filingssection 16 filingsrequest annual reportinvestor contacts
our company
our history
careers
investor relationsfinancial reportssec filingssection 16 filingsrequest annual reportinvestor contacts
financial reports
sec filings
section 16 filings
request annual report
investor contacts
news & events
customer login
privacy policy & terms of use
privacy policy
internet privacy policy and terms of use
last update: january 2020
this privacy policy applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who use our website (”consumers” or “you”). we adopt this notice to comply with the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa) and any terms defined in the ccpa have the same meaning when used in this notice.
introduction
we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting it through our compliance with this policy. this policy describes the types of information we may collect from you or that you may provide when you visit this website and our practices for collecting, using, maintaining, protecting, and disclosing that information.
this policy applies to information we collect:
on this website.
in email, text, and other electronic messages between you and this website.
when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy. it does not apply to information collected by:us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us; orany third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the website.
us offline or through any other means, including on any other website operated by us; or
any third party, including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from or on the website.
please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. if you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our website. by accessing or using this website, you agree to this privacy policy. this policy may change from time to time (see changes to our privacy policy). your continued use of this website after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
children under the age of 16
our website is not intended for children under 16 years of age. no one under age 16 may provide any personal information on the website. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 16. if we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 16, we will delete that information. if you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 16, please contact us at this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it..
information we collect about you and how we collect it
we collect several types of information from and about users of our website, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number or any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (”personal information”);
that is about you but individually does not identify you; and/or
about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our website, and usage details. we collect this information:directly from you when you provide it to us;automatically as you navigate through the site. information collected automatically may include usage details, ip addresses, and information collected through cookies, and other tracking technologies; and.from third parties, for example, our business partners.
directly from you when you provide it to us;
automatically as you navigate through the site. information collected automatically may include usage details, ip addresses, and information collected through cookies, and other tracking technologies; and.
from third parties, for example, our business partners.
information you provide to us
the information we collect on or through our website may include:
information that you provide by filling in forms on our website. this includes information provided at the time of subscribing to our service or requesting further services. we may also ask you for information when you report a problem with our website;
records and copies of your correspondence (including email addresses), if you contact us.
your responses to surveys that we might ask you to complete for research purposes;
information we collect through automatic data collection technologies as you navigate through and interact with our website. we may use automatic data collection technologies to collect certain information about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns, including:details of your visits to our website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the website; andinformation about your computer and internet connection, including your ip address, operating system, and browser type.
details of your visits to our website, including traffic data, location data, logs, and other communication data and the resources that you access and use on the website; and
information about your computer and internet connection, including your ip address, operating system, and browser type.
the information we collect automatically is only statistical data and does not include personal information. it helps us to improve our website and to deliver a better and more personalized service, including by enabling us to:estimate our audience size and usage patterns;store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our website according to your individual interests;recognize you when you return to our website. the technology we use for this automatic data collection may include:cookies (or browser cookies). a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our website according to your individual interests;
recognize you when you return to our website. the technology we use for this automatic data collection may include:cookies (or browser cookies). a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
cookies (or browser cookies). a cookie is a small file placed on the hard drive of your computer. you may refuse to accept browser cookies by activating the appropriate setting on your browser. however, if you select this setting you may be unable to access certain parts of our website. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our website.
how we use your information
we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
to present our website and its contents to you;
to provide you with information, products, or services that you request from us;
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it; and
to notify you about changes to our website or any products or services we offer or provide though it.
disclosure of your information
we may disclose personal information that we collect, or you provide as described in this privacy policy:
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it. for example, if you give us an email address to use the “email a friend” feature of our website, we will transmit the contents of that email and your email address to the recipients; and
we may also disclose your personal information to comply with any court order, law, or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request.
choices about how we use and disclose your information
we strive to provide you with choices regarding the personal information you provide to us. we have created a mechanism to provide you with the following control over your information:
tracking technologies and advertising. you can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies, or to alert you when cookies are being sent.
we do not control third parties’ collection or use of your information to serve interest-based advertising. however, these third parties may provide you with ways to choose not to have your information collected or used in this way. you can opt out of receiving targeted ads from members of the network advertising initiative (”nai”) on the nai’s website. california residents may have additional personal information rights and choices. please see your california privacy rights for more information.
your california privacy rights
if you are a california resident, california law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information. to learn more about your california privacy rights, visit https://oag.ca.gov/privacy/privacy-laws.
read our privacy notice for california residents.
notice to european users
this site and the services on this site are targeted for users in the united states of america. any information you enter on this site may be transferred outside of the european union to the united states of america which does not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the european union. in particular, you are advised that the united states of america uses a sectoral model of privacy protection that relies on a mix of legislation, governmental regulation, and self-regulation. article 26 of the european union’s data protection directive (directive 95/46/ec, 1995 o.j. (l 281) 31) allows for transfer of personal data from the european union to a third country if the individual has unambiguously given his consent to the transfer of personal information, regardless of the third country’s level of protection. by using this site or the services, you consent to the transfer of all such information to the united states of america which may not offer an equivalent level of protection to that required in the european union and to the processing of that information by the company on its servers located in the united states of america as described in this privacy policy.
changes to our privacy policy
it is our policy to post any changes we make to our privacy policy on this page with a notice that the privacy policy has been updated on the website home page. if we make material changes to how we treat our users’ personal information, we will notify you through a notice on the website home page. the date the privacy policy was last revised is identified at the top of the page. you are responsible for ensuring we have an up-to-date active and deliverable email address for you, and for periodically visiting our website and this privacy policy to check for any changes.
contact us
to ask questions or comment about this privacy policy and our privacy practices, contact us at: this email address is being protected from spambots. you need javascript enabled to view it.
california residents
for residents of california here is additional information regarding our compliance with ccpa.
about ushistorypoliciesprivacy policy & terms of use
history
policies
privacy policy & terms of use
careerscurrent job openingscareer spotlights - product engineer - national sales manager - network technician - safety & ci managerour benefits - health - financial security - well-being - employee growth - activities & outings - additional benefits
current job openings
career spotlights
- product engineer
- national sales manager
- network technician
- safety & ci manager
our benefits
- health
- financial security
- well-being
- employee growth
- activities & outings
- additional benefits
investor relationsannual report requestsec filingssection 16 filingsinvestor contactsconflict minerals
annual report request
sec filings
section 16 filings
investor contacts
conflict minerals
industriescommunicationsenergysolarspecial industriesinspection serviceselectric vehicle
communications
energy
solar
special industries
inspection services
electric vehicle
©preformed line products. all rights reserved i privacy policy and terms of use | california supply chain act
