home
wordpress pluginschatyfoldersmy sticky elementscoupon xmy sticky menusubscribe formsstars testimonialswp sticky sidebar
chaty
folders
my sticky elements
coupon x
my sticky menu
subscribe forms
stars testimonials
wp sticky sidebar
shopify appschaty for shopifycoupon x for shopifysticky floating contact form for shopify
chaty for shopify
coupon x for shopify
sticky floating contact form for shopify
wix appscoupon x for wixchaty for wix
coupon x for wix
chaty for wix
ecwid appschaty for ecwid
chaty for ecwid
help
privacy policy
home
privacy policy
it is premio's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. this privacy policy applies to https://premio.io (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “https://premio.io”). we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the website. we have adopted this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. this privacy policy applies only to information we collect through the website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.  this privacy policy, together with the terms and conditions posted on our website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our website. depending on your activities when visiting our website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
website visitors
like most website operators, premio collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. premio's purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how premio's visitors use its website. from time to time, premio may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.  premio also collects potentially personally-identifying information like internet protocol (ip) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://premio.io blog posts. premio only discloses logged in user and commenter ip addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
security
the security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
links to external sites
our service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.  we have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
aggregated statistics
our service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.  premio may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. premio may display this information publicly or provide it to others. however, premio does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
cookies
to enrich and perfect your online experience, premio uses “cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer..  a cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor's computer, and that the visitor's browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. premio uses cookies to help premio identify and track visitors, their usage of https://premio.io, and their website access preferences. premio visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using premio's websites, with the drawback that certain features of premio's websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.  by continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to premio’s use of cookies.
privacy policy changes
although most changes are likely to be minor, premio may change its privacy policy from time to time, and in premio's sole discretion. premio encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its privacy policy. your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
grow your wordpress, shopify, and wix websites with our plugins
links
home
chaty
mse
folders
chaty for shopify
coupon x for shopify
affiliate program
we’re hiring
installation guide
blog
terms of service
privacy policy
payments options







