xylem vue
solutionssolutionsagriculture & irrigationaquacultureboats & recreational vehicles (rvs)commercial buildingscommercial pools & water parkscommercial shipping & ship buildingconstructiondecision intelligence solutionscommunication networksenergy & powerenvironmental monitoring & analysisfood & beveragegeneral industrylife sciences, pharma & biopharmamining, quarrying & aggregatesmunicipal drinking water treatment & distributionmunicipal sewage handling & waste treatmentoil & gasresidentialsmart infrastructuresmart utility networksxylem rental solutionsxylem vue digital solutionsgo back
solutions
agriculture & irrigationaquacultureboats & recreational vehicles (rvs)commercial buildingscommercial pools & water parkscommercial shipping & ship buildingconstructiondecision intelligence solutions
agriculture & irrigation
aquaculture
boats & recreational vehicles (rvs)
commercial buildings
commercial pools & water parks
commercial shipping & ship building
construction
decision intelligence solutions
communication networksenergy & powerenvironmental monitoring & analysisfood & beveragegeneral industrylife sciences, pharma & biopharmamining, quarrying & aggregatesmunicipal drinking water treatment & distribution
communication networks
energy & power
environmental monitoring & analysis
food & beverage
general industry
life sciences, pharma & biopharma
mining, quarrying & aggregates
municipal drinking water treatment & distribution
municipal sewage handling & waste treatmentoil & gasresidentialsmart infrastructuresmart utility networksxylem rental solutionsxylem vue digital solutions
municipal sewage handling & waste treatment
oil & gas
residential
smart infrastructure
smart utility networks
xylem rental solutions
xylem vue digital solutions
go back
products & servicesproducts & servicescommunications & data transfer devicesdecision intelligence solutionsheat exchangershydro turbineslight & powermetrology equipment for utilitiesmixing & mixing equipmentparts & suppliespumps & packaged pump systemssoftwarewater & wastewater treatment systems & solutionsxylem service solutionsxylem vue digital solutionsgo back
products & services
communications & data transfer devicesdecision intelligence solutionsheat exchangershydro turbineslight & power
communications & data transfer devices
decision intelligence solutions
heat exchangers
hydro turbines
light & power
metrology equipment for utilitiesmixing & mixing equipmentparts & suppliespumps & packaged pump systems
metrology equipment for utilities
mixing & mixing equipment
parts & supplies
pumps & packaged pump systems
softwarewater & wastewater treatment systems & solutionsxylem service solutionsxylem vue digital solutions
software
water & wastewater treatment systems & solutions
xylem service solutions
xylem vue digital solutions
go back
our brandsour brandsaanderaaac fire pumpbell ＆ gossettbellingham + stanleycentriproebroessence of lifeflojetflygtgodwingoulds water technologyhypackjabscoleopoldlowaramcdonnell & millermjkoi analyticalpurehmpure technologiesrulesanitairesensussentecsi analyticssmith-blairsontekstandard xchangewachs water serviceswedecowtwxylem vueysigo back
our brands
aanderaaac fire pumpbell ＆ gossettbellingham + stanleycentriproebroessence of lifeflojetflygt
aanderaa
ac fire pump
bell ＆ gossett
bellingham + stanley
centripro
ebro
essence of life
flojet
flygt
godwingoulds water technologyhypackjabscoleopoldlowaramcdonnell & millermjk
godwin
goulds water technology
hypack
jabsco
leopold
lowara
mcdonnell & miller
mjk
oi analyticalpurehmpure technologiesrulesanitairesensussentecsi analytics
oi analytical
purehm
pure technologies
rule
sanitaire
sensus
sentec
si analytics
smith-blairsontekstandard xchangewachs water serviceswedecowtwxylem vueysi
smith-blair
sontek
standard xchange
wachs water services
wedeco
wtw
xylem vue
ysi
go back
supportsupportcase studies & white papersconsultant supportcontact usfind a locationcontinued learning centerinteractive tools & calculatorslet's solve water blogcovid 19 responsego back
support
case studies & white papersconsultant supportcontact usfind a location
case studies & white papers
consultant support
contact us
find a location
continued learning centerinteractive tools & calculatorslet's solve water blogcovid 19 response
continued learning center
interactive tools & calculators
let's solve water blog
covid 19 response
go back
sustainability
about xylemabout xylemxylem at a glancecareersinvestorsnewsroomleadership & governanceour vision & valuesour code of conductcorporate social responsibilitysustainabilitycybersecurityour partnershipsinnovation ecosystemxylem innovation labsessence of lifemaking wavesclimate change policypolitical activities policyconflict minerals policysupplier code of conducttransparency in supply chainsgo back
about xylem
xylem at a glancecareersinvestorsnewsroomleadership & governanceour vision & valuesour code of conductcorporate social responsibility
xylem at a glance
careers
investors
newsroom
leadership & governance
our vision & values
our code of conduct
corporate social responsibility
sustainabilitycybersecurityour partnershipsinnovation ecosystemxylem innovation labsessence of lifemaking waves
sustainability
cybersecurity
our partnerships
innovation ecosystem
xylem innovation labs
essence of life
making waves
climate change policypolitical activities policyconflict minerals policysupplier code of conducttransparency in supply chains
climate change policy
political activities policy
conflict minerals policy
supplier code of conduct
transparency in supply chains
go back
contact us
find a location
usa: english
find a location
contact us
search
usa: english
all xylem.comaanderaaac fire pumpbell & gossettcentriproflojetflygtgodwingoulds water technologyhypackjabscoleopoldmcdonnell & millermjkmultitrodeoi analyticalpure technologiesroyce technologiesrulesanitairesensussi analyticssmith-blairsontekstandard xchangevisentiwachs water serviceswedecowtwxylem


find a location
contact us
search
usa: english
all xylem.comaanderaaac fire pumpbell & gossettcentriproflojetflygtgodwingoulds water technologyhypackjabscoleopoldmcdonnell & millermjkmultitrodeoi analyticalpure technologiesroyce technologiesrulesanitairesensussi analyticssmith-blairsontekstandard xchangevisentiwachs water serviceswedecowtwxylem


step 1: select your country
select language
step 2: select your site
xylem privacy statement
thank you for visiting the xylem website. xylem and its operating divisions and subsidiaries (collectively “xylem”, "we", "us", or "the company") maintain and operate this and other websites (collectively, the “xylem sites” or "sites") and are committed to safeguarding your privacy.
this privacy statement is meant to help you understand what data we collect, how we use it, and what safeguards are in place to protect your data on the sites. this privacy statement also applies to information collected offline through trade shows, seminars, conferences, or through other activities.
summary of key points  what information does xylem collect?
xylem collects the following types of information about you when you visit our sites (collectively, "personal data") or through the offline means described above:
if you visit our sites, we automatically collect your domain name and/or ip address;
if you communicate with us by email, we collect your email address;
if you seek employment with us and provide us with information through offline means, we collect information in connection with employment opportunities, through our online recruiting tool.
otherwise, personal data is only collected on xylem sites or via offline means if you voluntarily choose to provide it. such personal data includes your name and/or that of your employer, title, address, telephone number and email address as well as account or transaction information collected as part of our business relationship with you.
how the company uses your personal data we collect your personal data in order to:
conduct our business, including providing you the products or services you requested
send you marketing communications about new or updates to our existing products and services
comply with our legal obligations
maintain and improve our sites and tailor the user experience
protect the security of you and the sites
provide customer service and otherwise administer our business relationship with you
as required by applicable law, we rely on several different legal bases to collect, use, and share your personal data:
necessity to perform contract with you - we need to process your personal data to provide our products and services, ensure products and services are working as they should, answer questions and requests from you, manage our business relationship with you and provide customer support;
compliance with legal obligations - we need to process your personal data to comply with relevant laws, regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders, and legal process;
consent for direct marketing communications - we rely on your consent to send you direct marketing, which you can unsubscribe from at any time by clicking the unsubscribe link in the relevant communications or contact us as detailed below; and
based on legitimate interests - we process your personal data to protect your security and the security of the sites; to detect and prevent fraud; to protect and defend the rights or property of others, or our own rights and interests; and to maintain and improve the user experience.
we do not use automated decision-making, or perform data profiling, that is, in a way that produces legal effects concerning you or significantly affects you. you are not required to provide all personal data identified in this privacy statement to use our sites or to interact with us offline, but certain functionality will not be available if you do not provide certain personal data.  if you do not provide certain personal data, we may not be able to respond to your requests, perform a transaction with you, or provide you with marketing that we believe you would find valuable.
are cookies used on xylem sites?
in addition to a domain name and/or ip address, xylem collects information about you automatically when you visit our sites.  the information that is automatically collected does not include your name, address, telephone number, or email address. this information tells us such things as how many users visited our site and the pages they have accessed. by collecting this information, we learn how to best tailor our sites for our current and future visitors. to collect this information, we use a number of different analytics, media optimization tools, analytics tags and pixel tracking activity through 'cookie' technology or with 'web beacons,' as explained below:
cookiesa cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer's hard drive by your web browser when you first visit the site.  xylem uses cookies to both ensure functioning of the site as well as record user-specific information on what pages you visited as well as record past activities on our site in order to provide better service when visitors return to our site.  there are two kinds of cookies that xylem uses:session cookies - also called a transient cookie, a session cookie stores information about a user on its temporary memory so that it can remember something about you when you are visiting that site.  session cookies do not collect information from your computer and are erased when you close your web browser.persistent cookies - also called a permanent cookie, or a stored cookie, a persistent cookie collects identifying information about the user including web-surfing behavior and user preferences for a specific website.  persistent cookies are set with an expiration date and stored on your hard drive until it expires or until you delete from your computer.in some instances, cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site.  most internet browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can change the settings of your browser to erase cookies or prevent automatic acceptance altogether if you prefer.  please be advised that if you choose to not allow browser cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all the website features offered by xylem.
session cookies - also called a transient cookie, a session cookie stores information about a user on its temporary memory so that it can remember something about you when you are visiting that site.  session cookies do not collect information from your computer and are erased when you close your web browser.
persistent cookies - also called a permanent cookie, or a stored cookie, a persistent cookie collects identifying information about the user including web-surfing behavior and user preferences for a specific website.  persistent cookies are set with an expiration date and stored on your hard drive until it expires or until you delete from your computer.in some instances, cookies may enhance your online experience by saving your preferences while you are visiting a particular site.  most internet browsers accept cookies automatically, but usually you can change the settings of your browser to erase cookies or prevent automatic acceptance altogether if you prefer.  please be advised that if you choose to not allow browser cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all the website features offered by xylem.
web beaconscertain pages on our website(s) contain 'web beacons' also known as internet tags, pixel tags and clear gifs. a web beacon is a small graphic image placed on the web page designed to allow xylem to monitor incoming traffic and obtain information such as the ip address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the beacon appears as well as the url of the page, the time the page was viewed, the type of browser used to view the page, and the information in cookies set by the third party. we also use web beacons to recognize a unique cookie on your web browser, which enables us to learn which advertisements brought you to our website(s).
in order to help gather more information about site usage, all xylem sites use advertising, analytics, media cookies and tags powered by tools such as yahoo, google, adobe, omniture, rubicon and others. additionally, the sites also use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. ("google"), which also uses cookies. the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your ip address) is transmitted to and stored by google on servers in the united states. google uses this information for the purpose of evaluation activity, compiling website reports and providing other services relating to website activity usage.  google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on google's behalf.
the information collected by all cookies and web beacons includes general information about your computer settings, your connection to the internet, the operating system and platform, ip address, your browsing patterns and timings of browsing on the site and geographical location. it does not contain your name, address, telephone number, or email address.
in order to help gather more information about site usage, xylem.com and its affiliated sites use advertising, analytics, media cookies and tags, including:
necessary cookies
necessary cookies help make our website usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation. the website cannot function properly without these cookies.
analytics/performance cookies
these cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources, so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. they help us know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous.
marketing cookies
this website may use the following additional cookies, your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the relevant features.
to learn more about certain cookies used for interest based advertising by third parties, including through cross-device tracking, and to exercise certain choices regarding such cookies, please visit the digital advertising alliance, network advertising initiative, digital advertising alliance-canada, european interactive digital advertising alliance or your device settings for if you have the daa or other mobile app.
do-not track: at this time, our site is not configured to honor browsers' “do not track” signals.
how the company shares your personal data with third parties
if we are requested to disclose personal data by law, court of law, or as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority, we may do so.
we may pass your personal data or details of your use of the web site to other companies within the xylem group of companies.
we may share information as necessary to prevent fraud or other illegal activities, such as willful attacks on xylem’s information technology systems, and as necessary to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense.
xylem does not sell to third parties any personal data derived from a visitor's visit to or use of a xylem site except as part of the sale of a subsidiary or of all or substantially all of the assets of an operating division, which subsidiary or division collected or uses such information in the ordinary course of business.
xylem takes appropriate steps to keep personal data confidential and only discloses this information to personnel in a xylem firm or a third party that needs to have access to the information for legitimate business purposes.  we may make your information available to our distributors, sales representatives or other business affiliates so that they may respond to a visitor’s inquiry or provide information about our own or related goods or services that we believe support your business needs.
links to third-party websites
occasionally, xylem sites may provide links to the web sites of our distributors, sales representatives or other business affiliates.  in these situations, we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices they employ and encourage you to read their own privacy disclosures.
how the company stores, transfers, or processes your personal data across border
as permitted by applicable law, xylem may transmit the personal data we collect on xylem sites to representatives, global affiliates, and service providers in the united states or other countries where we do business that are outside your home country, and have different standards of data protection than your home country. we provide appropriate protections for cross-border transfers as required by law, including information transferred to third parties. with respect to such transfers from the european economic area (“eea”) to the united states and other non-eea jurisdictions, we may rely on european union (“eu”) model clauses and binding corporate rules and/or the need to process your information in order to provide the requested services (e.g., performance of a contract) to transfer your personal data. as permitted by applicable law, you may request details about the suitable safeguards we have in place by contacting us as described below. your rights as permitted by applicable law, you may have the right to obtain confirmation of the existence of certain personal data relating to you, to verify its content, origin, and accuracy, as well as the right to access, review, port, delete, or to block or withdraw consent to the processing of certain personal data (without affecting the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal), by contacting us at datasubject.requests@xylem.com. please note that we may need to retain certain personal data as required or permitted by applicable law. your choices  you have the following choices regarding our use and disclosure of your personal data:
marketing communications. if you no longer wish to receive any marketing communications, remain on a mailing list to which you previously subscribed or receive any other communication from xylem, please follow the unsubscribe link in the relevant communications or contact us using the link below.
cookies and similar technologies. please review your browser or computer settings for certain cookies and see above to exercise certain choices regarding cookies.
how the company retains your personal data
xylem only retains your personal data for the minimum amount of time necessary to accomplish the purpose for which it was collected.
how the company protects the security of your information
xylem uses industry-standard encryption technologies when transferring and receiving data exchanged with our site. we have appropriate security measures in place in our physical facilities to protect against loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our site. we also employ reasonable technologies to keep the personal data you provide on xylem sites secure.  xylem maintains a data security incident response plan that would provide notification as required by applicable law in the event of an unlawful or unauthorized disclosure of personal data.
changes to our privacy statement
xylem may update this privacy statement from time to time as our business (e.g. merger/acquisition) and services change, or as required by law.  the effective date of our privacy statement is posted above, and we encourage you to visit our sites periodically to stay informed about xylem's privacy practices.  we will post the updated version of the privacy statement on our site, and ask for your consent to the changes if legally required to do so.
how you can contact us
if you have any questions regarding this privacy statement or our privacy practices in general, please contact our director of global trade and data privacy compliance with any concerns or inquiries via phone at +1-914-323-5700 or via email at data.privacy@xylem.com
you may also have a right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.

january 2, 2020
view privacy policy in chineseview privacy policy in czechview privacy policy in danishview privacy policy in dutchview privacy policy in finnishview privacy policy in frenchview privacy policy in germanview privacy policy in hungarianview privacy policy in italianview privacy policy in japaneseview privacy policy in norwegianview privacy policy in polishview privacy policy in portugueseview privacy policy in russianview privacy policy in slovakianview privacy policy in spanishview privacy policy in swedish
find products
our brands
solutions
products & services
parts & supplies
services
rentals
connect with us
find a location
contact us
support
product documentation
case studies
interactive tools  & calculators
about xylem
newsroom
sustainability
investors
corporate social responsibility
company info
cybersecurity
careers
careers
accessibility
equal employment opportunity
e-verify
recruitment fraud alert
search opportunities
copyright 2022 xylem. all rights reserved.
privacy policy
terms & conditions
update preferences





