home
platform platform overviewplatform toolsrequest a demopricing
platform overview
platform tools
request a demo
pricing
solutions connected smart packaging & digital labelsproduct tracking & traceabilityproduct authenticationdata syndicationgs1 digital link management solutionasset / item tracking with barcode rfid qr datamatrixsmartlabel® usa smartlabel®fcpc smartlabel canadaeu digital product passport
connected smart packaging & digital labels
product tracking & traceability
product authentication
data syndication
gs1 digital link management solution
asset / item tracking with barcode rfid qr datamatrix
smartlabel® usa smartlabel®fcpc smartlabel canada
usa smartlabel®
fcpc smartlabel canada
eu digital product passport
resources blogcase studieswhitepapershow to guidesthe internet of products – bookvideospartner resources
blog
case studies
whitepapers
how to guides
the internet of products – book
videos
partner resources
develop platform architectureapi documentationhow to guides
platform architecture
api documentation
how to guides
company about the companynewsroomcareerscontactprivacy policysubscription services agreement
about the company
newsroom
careers
contact
privacy policy
subscription services agreement
get started
1.    scope.
qliktag takes your privacy seriously. this policy explains how qliktag collects, uses, and protects information submitted and collected as part of its web-based service and generally on its website (together, the website).
information means information that determines the identity of an individual.
2.    collection.
a.   registration data. when registering on our website, you will provide information (such as company name, individual name, address, phone number, and email address).
3.    uses.
use of information. we will use information to provide our service, support, market additional services to you, and to improve our website.  we do not sell your information to any third parties.
modern web browsers are configured to accept browser cookies by default. you may choose to configure your browser to remove or reject cookies. if you elect to remove or reject cookies, the functionality of our website will be affected.
aggregate non-identifiable information. we use aggregate, non-identifiable information to improve our website.
server logs. our server logs record system information when you view our website.
email marketing. you may receive marketing emails from us. you can always ‘update your preferences’ or ‘unsubscribe’ from those emails within the body of the email.
automated decision making. there is currently no automated decision making, such as profiling, taking place through our website.
service providers. we do not disclose information to third parties, except to certain service providers, as follows:
credit card processors;hosting providers; andother contractors providing services on our behalf.
credit card processors;
hosting providers; and
other contractors providing services on our behalf.
4.     disclosure and sharing.
legal requirements. we may be required by law to disclose your information, and we will try to take steps to limit any such disclosure.
change of ownership. if we are acquired or otherwise sell our business, we will transfer all the information to the successor entity. we will try to notify you of any change in ownership or sale by either posting it on our site or by emailing you (at the email address in the system).
5.    your rights as a data subject in the eu.
a.   if you are a “data subject” in the eu, and any information that we collect falls under the definition of “personal data,” as that term is defined under the general data protection regulation (gdpr), the following applies:
i.    you can ask us what personal data we hold, about you, and you can ask us to access it, have a copy of it, correct it if it is inaccurate, restrict the processing of it, and erase it, under certain circumstances.
ii.    to exercise your rights regarding your personal data by email, mail, or phone, please use the contact information provided at the bottom of this policy. we will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month and will contact you should we require additional information in order to honor your request. you may also complain to the supervisory authority of your member state.
b.   as you register on our website, your personal data is being stored outside of the eu on our servers in the united states. if we further transfer this personal data, it will be transferred to a sub-processor that: (i) is located in a third country or territory recognised by the eu commission to have an adequate level of protection; (ii) we have entered into model contractual clauses with; or (iii) has other legally recognized appropriate safeguards in place, such as the eu-us privacy shield or binding corporate rules.
c.   we will retain your personal data in accordance with our then current data retention policy, unless you otherwise request that it be deleted sooner, in accordance with this privacy policy.
6.    your rights if you are a “consumer” under the laws of the state of california
a.   if you are a “consumer” and any information that we collect falls under the definition of “personal information” as that term is defined under the california consumer privacy act, the following applies:
i.    you can ask us what personal data we hold, about you, and you can ask us to access it, to have a copy of it, and to erase it, under certain circumstances.
ii.    to exercise your rights regarding your personal information by email, mail, or phone, please use the contact information provided at the bottom of this policy. we will try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month and will contact you should we require additional information in order to honor your request.
iii.   we will retain your personal information in accordance with our then current data retention policy, unless you otherwise request that it be deleted sooner, in accordance with this privacy policy.
7.    other terms.
application of this policy. by registering on our website, you agree to comply with the terms of this privacy policy and that we may process your information.
industry standard security. while we use industry standard security measures to protect against the loss, misuse, and alteration of the information under our control, there is no guaranty that it cannot be compromised.
no under age 13. we do not intentionally gather information about visitors who are under the age of 13.
privacy concerns. to exercise your rights regarding your information or if you have questions regarding this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please email us at: privacy@qliktag.com.
links to third party sites. our website may contain links to other sites and services, which are owned and controlled by others. these third-party websites have their own policies regarding privacy, and you should review those policies.
revisions to this policy. we may change this policy at any time. notice of any significant revision will be called out on this website for a period of time.
last revised june 24, 2019
qliktag software inc. is an innovator of software solutions that bridge the gap between brands and buyers in this new information driven retail landscape fostering trust, transparency & traceability for consumer products.
resources
blogcase studieswhitepapersvideosour e-bookhow-to guideswebinars
contact us
qliktag software inc.
120 newport center drive,suite 100,newport beach, ca 92660
phone – +1 949-760-3888email – info@qliktag.com
contact us

connect with qliktag
copyright 2021 - qliktag software inc., ca, usa
