quake main navigation
solutions
products
servicesquake servicescustom solutions
quake services
custom solutions
companyabout usresourcesblognewscareers
about us
resources
blog
news
careers
contact
support
accountregisterlogin
register
login

main white left
solutions
products
servicesquake servicescustom solutions
quake services
custom solutions
companyabout usresourcesblogcareersnews
about us
resources
blog
careers
news
privacy policy
privacy statement
effective date: august 20, 2012
scope
this statement covers only data collected through this website and does not extend to any other data collection or processing, including, without limitation, data collection practices of other web pages to which we link.
types of data collected and collection methods
when you request information from our website, subscribe for a service, register as a user or otherwise actively send us data, we usually collect data such as your name, email address(es), mailing address(es), telephone number(s) and certain information related to the business you represent.  in these instances, we only collect data that you actively submit.
when you visit our website, we automatically receive and record information from your computer and internet connection, such as the ip address of your computer and/or internet service provider and the date and time you access our website.  we use technology that many other websites employ, including, without limitation, ”cookies” or small data files stored on your computer’s hard drive, to collect information such as the aforementioned.  in some instances, we also use cookies to collect information in connection with future visits from that site, to recognize you as a previous visitor and to track your activity on our site.  you can refuse cookies by turning them off on your browser.
use of data
we use the data we collect for the following general purposes:
to better communicate with our customers and business partners;
to respond to requests for information that you send us;
to administer, protect and improve our website and our systems;
to compile aggregated statistics about website usage; and
to improve our products and services and other internal business purposes.
disclosures of personal information
we respect the privacy of our website visitors and will not sell any information collected from our website to any third parties.  we will only disclose information for the purpose for which it was collected, except as follows: we may share your information with agents and service providers who use the data only on our behalf and for our purposes under strict confidentiality agreements.  we may share your information as required by law or in the interest of protecting or exercising our or others’ legal rights, without limitation, in connection with requests from law enforcement officials and in connection with court proceedings. we may share or transfer your information in connection with a prospective or actual sale, merger, transfer or other reorganization of all or parts of our business.  also, we reserve the right to fully use and disclose any information collected via the website that is not in personally identifiable form.
information security
though transmissions over the internet are never 100% secure or error-free, we take reasonable steps to protect your personal information from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. it is your responsibility to safeguard any password and user id you use to access the website and to notify us at customersupport@quakeglobal.com if you ever suspect that your user id and/or password has been compromised.  you are solely responsible for any unauthorized use of the website conducted via your user id and/or password.
modification or removal of personal data
if you would like to change or delete any personal information previously submitted, please contact us here, or write to us at: vice president of contracts, quake global, inc., 4711 viewridge avenue, suite 150 san diego, ca 92123.
changes to our privacy policy
we reserve the right to change, modify and add or remove portions of this statement at any time.  please review it periodically.  when you visit the website, you are accepting the current version of the privacy policy statement as posted on the website at that time.
© 2022 . privacy legal




© 2022 . privacy legal
contact info
newsletter
quick links
