aboutabout.we help companies in industrial markets to successfully navigate disruption and stay relevant. the unique combination of our companies demonstrates the importance of applying first-class technology, and powerful financial and insurance offerings to deliver business outcomes to customers.companyhow we workteampartnerswork with uscontact
about.
company
how we work
team
partners
work with us
contact
exploreexplore.the relayr tech stack – from their cloud platform and data services downto the connected devices – enables us to take our customers from firstprototype to roll-out in a few months.frank riemenspergeraccenture senior managing directorour value stackiiot for business outcomesiiot for industrial manufacturersiiot for production line optimizationiiot for equipment servicemake industry smartercost reductionefficiencynew revenue modelsiiot value stackequipment as a servicehow it worksknow howoverviewgrowthoee improvementsuccess storiesoverviewcondition monitoringdigital twinbusiness outcomes for equipment serviceoverviewtechnologydeliveryfinancinginsurance
explore.
our value stack
iiot for business outcomes
iiot for industrial manufacturers
iiot for production line optimization
iiot for equipment service
make industry smarter
cost reduction
efficiency
new revenue models
iiot value stack
equipment as a service
how it works
know how
overview
growth
oee improvement
success stories
overview
condition monitoring
digital twin
business outcomes for equipment service
overview
technology
delivery
financing
insurance
industriesindustries.the industrial internet of things is radically changing the way all industrywill operate in the near future. as an industrial group, we must keep aheadof these innovations. [...] relayr is helping us deal with business and technicalchallenges connected with digitalization.alexander barthelpeppermint chief information officer (cio)the future of manufacturingthe future of automotive manufacturingthe future of food processingthe future of power generationoverviewinnovationefficient productionproduction lineas-a-servicepossibilitiesoverviewcars as-a-servicemanufacturing the cars of the futureinnovationsdigital transportoverviewinnovationopportunityconnected industrial appliancesiiot and the food processing industryoverviewon demandthe power of relayressentials
industries.
the future of manufacturing
the future of automotive manufacturing
the future of food processing
the future of power generation
overview
innovation
efficient production
production lineas-a-service
possibilities
overview
cars as-a-service
manufacturing the cars of the future
innovations
digital transport
overview
innovation
opportunity
connected industrial appliances
iiot and the food processing industry
overview
on demand
the power of relayr
essentials
storiesstories.relayr’s thought leadership, consultative approach and real worldexperience enabled us to identify business value and outcomes we had not previously considered.aric pryorflanders electric vp of technology visionsuccess storieswhite papersthe business of iot blogwebinarsget startednewseventstrumpf and munich re (germany)learnd (united kingdom)qinous (germany)flanders (usa)coborn (united kingdom)equipment-as-a-service production line optimizationartifical intelligencepredictive maintenanceenabling the eaas modelbusiness transformation journey in manufacturingbuild vs. buyequipment-as-a-serviceiot enables manufacturing business outcomesceo xchangetruck roadshowpower up formula
stories.
success stories
white papers
the business of iot blog
webinars
get started
news
events
trumpf and munich re (germany)
learnd (united kingdom)
qinous (germany)
flanders (usa)
coborn (united kingdom)
equipment-as-a-service
production line optimization
artifical intelligence
predictive maintenance
enabling the eaas model
business transformation journey in manufacturing
build vs. buy
equipment-as-a-service
iot enables manufacturing business outcomes
ceo xchange
truck roadshow
power up formula
get started

deites
de
it
es
privacy policy.
updated: 2nd of january 2022
relayr, inc. (“relayr”, “we” or “us”) recognizes that your privacy is important, and we take it seriously. this privacy policy describes the collection, use and disclosure of your information when you access or use the following:
(a) our website – relayr.io
(b) software (such as apps, reference tools, libraries and widgets) that we make available (the “software”) which may be installed on your phone, tablet, wireless device, computer or server (“device”)
(c) the relayr cloud (the “relayr cloud”). the sites, software, relayr cloud and any services we provide in connection with one or more of the foregoing are collectively referred to as the “services”. this privacy policy also applies to information that may be transmitted to us by our customers through software provided by them or other third parties (“third party software”), through activated machines (described below) or through other means. this privacy policy does not apply to how third parties collect, use, disclose or retain information.
by accessing and using the sites, software and/or relayr cloud (or any portion of the foregoing) or by transmitting information to us through other means, you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy. you understand that by activating an appliance or other machine that is enabled to communicate with the relayr cloud (“activated machine”), you will be deemed to be using the relayr cloud. similarly, if you or your software transmits information to us through the relayr cloud or other means, you are subject to this privacy policy. if you do not agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy, please do not access or use the sites, software or relayr cloud, do not activate any machine to communicate with the relayr cloud, and do not otherwise transmit any information to us through other means.
we reserve the right to update or make changes to this privacy policy from time to time in our sole discretion, and we may notify you of changes by any reasonable means, including without limitation, by notifying you at the email address (if any) we have for you in our systems and/or by posting the revised version of this privacy policy on the sites and/or by making the revised version of this privacy policy available through the software, which revisions will become effective immediately upon the posting on www.relayr.io.  you can determine when this privacy policy was last revised by referring to the “updated” legend at the top of this privacy policy. please return to this page periodically to ensure familiarity with the most current version of this privacy policy. after any changes to this privacy policy have been posted, your continued access or use of the sites, software and/or relayr cloud (or any portion of the foregoing) and/or your continued transmission of information to us shall constitute your agreement and consent to such changes.

information we collect
personal information: personal information identifies you or another person as an individual and includes such items as your name, address, phone number and email address. we collect personal information through your use and interaction with our services, such as when you transmit communications through the software, sites or third-party software, when you register for an account with us, when you post messages and content through the software, sites or third-party software, when you send us an email or other communication or when you transmit to us personal information through the relayr cloud, through an activated machine or through other means. also, personal information may be collected automatically through the software, third party software and directly from an activated machine to the relayr cloud. please be aware that certain software installed on your device may access other files on your device, such as your contacts, photographs, audio and video clips and your contact information. if you activate your machine through third party software, personal information may be transmitted to us by such third-party software in addition to, or instead of, directly through your activated machine. please be aware that the collection, use, disclosure, retention and other practices of any third party who collects your information is subject to the privacy policy of such third party, which we do not control. if you are a customer of relayr (such as a manufacturer of machines which are enabled to be activated on the relayr cloud), we collect personal information (about you and your end users) that you transmit to us through third party software, activated machines, data feeds or other methods agreed by you and relayr.
non-personal information: non-personal information does not personally identify you or another person as an individual and includes such items as aggregated information, demographic information and any other information that does not reveal your or another individual’s specific identity. we and our third-party service providers may collect non-personal information from you, your activated machine, the software, third party software and other means. non-personal information includes the following: (a) the unique device id number of your device (“udid”), the mac address of your activated machine and the ip address of your device; (b) the wireless connection information of your activated machine; (c) os type and version, browser type and version, push notice identifier, and mobile network information of your device; (d) traffic data, location data, logs, communication data, and data about the resources you use through the software, sites or third party software; (e) real-time location information about your device and activated machine; (f) usage, performance and diagnostic information about your activated machine; (g) information that has been aggregated in a manner such that it does not personally identify you or any other individual; and (h) metadata and other information associated with other files stored on your device, such as photographs, audio and video clips, personal contacts and address book information.
cookies and other technologies: when you visit the sites, we may send one or more “cookies,” which are small data files, to your device to uniquely identify your browser and let us help you log in faster and enhance your navigation through the sites. if you use third party software, the provider thereof may send one or more cookies to your device. cookies help us measure, for example, the total number of visitors to our sites, the number of visitors to each page of our sites, how our users use and interact with the services, and the domain names of our visitors’ internet service providers. you can reset your web browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. if you do not want cookies to be installed on your device, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to decline the use of cookies. please be aware that some features of the sites and services will not function properly if the ability of your device to accept cookies is disabled.
other: we may also use clear gifs or web beacons to track usage patterns of users of the services. additionally, we may use clear gifs in html-based emails sent to our users to track which emails are opened by recipients. the information is used to enable more accurate reporting and make the services better for our users.
ip address and udid: your ip address is a number that is automatically assigned to your device by your internet service provider, your udid (or similar id) is the unique identification number associated with your device, and your mac address is the unique number assigned to your machine. your ip address, udid and/or mac address are identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever you visit the sites, use the software or third-party software to connect to the relayr cloud, or when your activated machine communicates with the relayr cloud, along with the time(s) of such visit(s), the page(s) on the sites that were visited, the features within the software and relayr cloud that were accessed and used. collecting ip addresses is standard practice on the internet and is done automatically by many web sites. please note that we treat ip addresses, udids, mac addresses, server log files and related information as non-personal information, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law.
tracking: we honor do-not-track signals or similar technologies that our systems detect and identify. we do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when such do-not-track (dnt) browser mechanism is in place on your device

how we use/process your information
personal information: we may use your personal information in the following ways
to create an account when you register with us.
to contact you to offer help based on diagnostic information about your activated machine.
to fulfill your requests, respond to your inquiries, provide services, or complete transactions you have requested.
to inform you about services that we believe may be of interest to you. if we do so, each communication we send you will contain instructions permitting you to opt-out of receiving future communications of that nature.
to send you important information regarding the services, changes to our terms, conditions, and policies and/or other administrative information. because this information may be important, you may not opt-out of receiving such communications.
to resolve problems or issues with the services or other users.
for our internal business purposes, such as data analysis, audits, developing new products or services, enhancing and improving the services and identifying usage trends.
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) in any manner permitted under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations, business and systems; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of other users, including you; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
non-personal information: because non-personal information does not identify you in any way, we may use and share with third parties’ non-personal information for any purpose, including our own internal business purposes. if non-personal information is combined with any of your personal information, then such combined information will be treated by us as personal information for so long as such information is combined.

lawful basis for process your information
consent: allows organizations to process data when a contact has clearly opted-in via a separate, individual and “granular” process.
contract: allows organizations to process information when it is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party or in order to take steps at the request of the data subject prior to entering into a contract.
legitimate interest: allows organizations to process personal data on the grounds that your organization is working towards the legitimate interest of the individual – this can include commercial interests.

how we share your information
personal information: we do not sell your personal information for marketing purposes. we limit disclosure of your personal information as listed below. we may disclose your personal information:
to our third-party service providers who perform certain business-related functions for us, such as website hosting, data analysis, payment and credit card processing, infrastructure provision, it services, customer service, e-mail delivery services, and other similar services to enable them to provide services to us.
to our customers and other business affiliates who provide you, directly or indirectly, with your activated machine, third party software, and/or networks and systems through which you access and use the sites, software and/or relayr cloud and/or through which you transmit information to us.
to an affiliate or other third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including without limitation in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) in any manner permitted under applicable law, including laws outside your country of residence; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities, including public and government authorities outside your country of residence; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations, business and systems; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of other users, including you; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
except for the third parties described above, to third parties only with your consent. please note that we do not control any third parties’ use or disclosure of your information.
non-personal information: because non-personal information does not identify you in any way, we may share non-personal information with any third party for any purpose.

third-party services
the services may contain links to other web sites or services not operated or controlled by relayr (“third party services”). this privacy practices of third party services may vary from this privacy policy and we recommend that you contact the third-party services directly for information about their privacy practices. any links from the services to third party service do not imply that relayr endorses or has reviewed the third-party services.
for providing our service to you, we use selected third parties:
akamai
fontawesome
google inc.
hubspot
leadfeeder
lever
linkedin
matomo
oracle eloqua
salesforce
site ground
com

our website makes use of content (e.g. javascripts/images) provided by the following 3rd party domains:
*.akamaiedge.net (content distribution network)
com/maxcdn.bootstrapcdn.com (web fonts)
*.eqloqua.com/*.en25.com (analytics insights & user tracking)
googleapis.com/fonts.gstatic.com (web fonts)
com/pro.fontawesome.com (web fonts)
com/www.googleadservices.com (advertisements)
google-analytics.com/gstatic.com (analytics insights & user tracking)
hs-analytics.net/js.hs-analytics.net (analytics insights & user tracking)
net/js.hsforms.net (web forms, newsletter sign-up, marketing provided by hubspot)
com/forms.hubspot.com (additional scripts for the web forms)
*.leedfeeder.com/*.lfeeder.co (analytics insights & user tracking)
com/snap.licdn.com (analytics insights & user tracking)
co/api.lever.co (analytics insights & user tracking)
matomo.cloud/matomo.cloud (analytics insights & user tracking)
com (embedded videos)

please review the privacy policies of these partners.

data protection officer
relayr is headquartered in berlin, germany and in boston, ma. we have appointed an internal data protection officer for you to contact if you should have any questions. the relayr data protection officer’s name and email address are as follows:
gunnar daft
dataprotection@relayr.io

information you post or share: we cannot control the actions of other users of the service with whom you share your personal information, including any information you post or share on any public area of the services or other area of the services where you post or share information with third parties. please be aware that any information that you share or post on an area of the services intended to be viewed and accessed by third parties may be viewed, collected and used by others. we do not control how others will use or share any information shared or posted by you.
protecting your information: we use commercially reasonable physical, administrative, and technical safeguards to preserve the integrity and security of your personal information. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or data storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. therefore, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit or provide to us or guarantee that your information on the services may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, administrative and/or technical safeguards. additionally, we will not be responsible or liable to you for third party circumvention of our security measures. if you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure (for example, if you feel that the security of any account you might have with us has been compromised), you must immediately notify us of the problem by contacting us in accordance with the “contacting us” section below.
opting out of receiving communications: you may opt out from receiving marketing-related emails or other communications from us on a going-forward basis by contacting us in accordance with the “contacting us” section below. we will comply with your request to opt-out as soon as reasonably practicable. please note that if you opt out as described above, this will apply to marketing messages from us only. we will not be able to remove your personal information from the database of any other party with whom you have shared such information or from third parties to whom you have previously authorized us to share such information (i.e., to which we have already provided your personal information as of the date that we implement your opt-out request). please also note that if you do opt-out of receiving marketing-related messages from us, we may still send you important administrative messages, and you cannot opt-out from receiving administrative messages.
deleting your personal information:
if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please email us at dataprotection@relayr.io. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect. you may also request that we delete the information which we hold about you at any time. to do so, please contact us at dataprotection@relayr.io.
accessing and changing your personal information: if you would like to access, change, update or delete your personal information that you provided directly to us, you may contact us in accordance with the “contacting us” section below. we provide reasonable access to view and correct your personal information, and where applicable, to delete your personal information. in your request, please make clear what information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have your personal information deleted from our database or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of your personal information. in order to comply with your request, we will first need to authenticate your identity and thereafter, we will try to comply with your request as soon as and to the extent reasonably practicable. again, we cannot remove your personal information from the database of any other parties with whom you have shared such information or from third parties to whom you have previously authorized us to share such information. we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes, and there may also be residual personal information that will remain within our databases and other records even after you have requested the removal of your personal information from our databases.
your california privacy rights: california civil code section 1798.83 permits users of the software that are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make such a request, please contact us in accordance with the “contacting us” section below. we do not disclose personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes without your consent.
retention period: we will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy or to otherwise fulfill a legal obligation, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
children’s privacy: protecting the privacy of young children is especially important to us. the services are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals do not provide any personal information to us. we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) unless we first obtain permission from that child’s parent or legal guardian. if we become aware that we have collected personal information from anyone under the age of thirteen (13) without permission from that child’s parent or legal guardian, we will take steps to remove that information.
storage of personal information: except to the extent prohibited by law, we may store and back-up personal information within databases located within and outside of the united states.
jurisdictional issues: we do not represent or warrant that the services, or any part thereof, is appropriate or available for use in any particular jurisdiction. those who choose to access the services do so on their own initiative and at their own risk, and are responsible for complying with all local laws, rules and regulations. by providing personal information through the services, you consent to the transfer of personal information to other countries, done under the privacy shield, such as the united states, which may provide a different level of data security than in your country of residence, except to the extent prohibited by law.
contacting us: if you have any questions about our practices or this privacy policy, please contact us by email at dataprotection@relayr.io.
about.
company
how we work?
team
partners
contact
join our team
explore.
our value stack
business outcomes
industrial manufacturers
production line optimization
equipment service
learn.
white papers
blog
get started
news
industries.
manufacturing
automotive manufacturing
food processing
power generation
imprint
privacy policy
uk tax strategy
terms and conditions
privacy overview
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.
any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
analytical cookies are used to understand how visitors interact with the website. these cookies help provide information on metrics the number of visitors, bounce rate, traffic source, etc.
preference cookies are used to store user preferences to provide content that is customized and convenient for the users, like the language of the website or the location of the visitor.
functional cookies help to perform certain functionalities like sharing the content of the website on social media platforms, collect feedbacks, and other third-party features.
marketing cookies are used to provide visitors with relevant ads and marketing campaigns. these cookies track visitors across websites and collect information to provide customized website experience.
other uncategorized cookies are those that are being analyzed and have not been classified into a category as yet.
