privacy policy
general privacy policy‍the contents of this web site, including but not limited to all text, designs and images appearing herein (collectively, the “contents”), are copyrighted works owned by relimetrics corporation (“relimetrics” or the “company”). any copying, reproduction, modification, distribution or other unauthorized use of the contents, including any portion or version thereof, is prohibited. notwithstanding the foregoing, users of this web site have the limited permission to view, copy, print and distribute the contents for non-commercial, informational purposes so long as any copy or other reproduction includes the above copyright notice.the products, processes, technology and related information described in this web site may be covered by one or more issued or pending relimetrics patents. no license or other intellectual property right to such relimetrics products, processes or technologies is granted or conferred by this web site or by anything appearing herein.the trademarks and registered trademarks of relimetrics referenced or used in this web site appear as marked and may not be used for any purpose without the express written permission of relimetrics. all other brand names, designs, service marks and trademarks (whether or not registered) referenced or used herein are the property of their respective owners. any reference to or use of third-party trademarks in this web site shall not constitute and is not intended to indicate such third party’s affiliation with or endorsement of relimetrics products and services.the product and/or service information set forth in this web site may be outdated, may contain errors and omissions, and is subject to change without notice. no statement, representation or other information contained in this web site should be construed as binding upon relimetrics contractually or otherwise the basis for any express or implied warranty. please contact the company during normal business hours for the most up-to-date information regarding specific products and services.this web site may provide users with access (whether by hypertext links, framing or otherwise as applicable) to certain other non-relimetrics web sites. any such access is provided with the understanding that the contents of non-relimetrics sites are beyond the control of relimetrics, that relimetrics makes no representations whatsoever about such sites, and that users shall proceed at their own risk.certain matters discussed in this web site may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. the company’s results may differ materially from the expectations, estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors, as listed and discussed in the company’s registration statements filed with the securities and exchange commission. relimetrics disclaims any obligation subsequently to revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. the reader should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements.privacy statement for relimetrics web site‍we at relimetrics respect your privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personally identifiable information you share with us (any information by which you can be identified, such as name, address, and telephone number). that is why relimetrics has established this privacy policy – so that you can understand the care with which we will treat your information.in general, you may visit www.relimetrics.com without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself. however, at times, we may request that you share personal information with us in order to obtain access to certain features of our site or to request additional information from us. if you choose to provide personal information, we assure you that we will take appropriate steps to protect the information you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. if you choose not to provide the information we request, you can still visit most of our web site, but you may be unable to access certain areas, options, or services.relimetrics will use your information to better understand your needs for machine vision products and to support your customer relationship with relimetrics. among other things, relimetrics will utilize your information to alert you to product upgrades and updated product information or to send you other literature and/or information that you request. from time to time, relimetrics may contact you via phone, email, or postal mail with information about various products and services. if you do not want to receive such communication, simply tell us when you give us your personal information. or, at any time you can easily opt-out of receiving further marketing information from relimetrics by contacting us via email at info(at)relimetrics.com.how we use cookies and other methods for the collection of website usage data‍some of our web pages utilize “cookies” so that we can better serve you with tailored information when you return to our site. cookies are small files that our website may send to your browser and it is kept on your computer to make our website function properly, to provide business and marketing information to us and to facilitate your next visit to our site. the cookie data may improve form interactions based on information you have previously given to us. for example, in some cases, we will allow you to bypass a web form if a form cookie exists, or we may prefill a form with previously supplied contact information. in general, you can visit the relimetrics website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal information about yourself, such as your name, phone number, postal code or email address.our web server collects ip addresses to obtain certain aggregate information concerning the use of our website. an ip address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the web. we do not link ip addresses to any personally identifiable information. therefore you can remain anonymous when you visit our website. occasionally you may be asked to give us more specific information about yourself, such as when you download software, register for a seminar or other event, respond to a survey, enter a contest from our website, and register at the customer portal. supplying such information to us is optional, but you may be unable to complete certain transactions without giving such information.types and kinds of cookies‍there are four types of cookies:- strictly necessary – technically essential to the provision of our website. for example, some cookies may be used to enable secure login to certain areas of our website- performance – monitor and assess our website and its use. for example, recording visits to reveal how a website is used and which parts are most popular.- functionality – enable additional functionality to improve user experience. for example, recording settings for future visits so as to save users having to repeat making the same choices.- advertising/targeting – use an identification number to monitor personal preferences for the purposes of personalizing pages and gathering further information. for example, presenting adverts or promotions for products similar to those previously viewed or purchased.there are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.cookies on our website‍relimetrics uses the services of the third party vendor google analytics to help us measure and analyze the effectiveness of our website and how visitors use www.relimetrics.com. to do this, we may use web beacons and cookies provided by this third party vendor. the type of information we collect includes the pages visited and navigation patterns, which helps us learn how visitors use our site, and what information is of the most interest to our customers and visitors to our website. although the third party vendor logs the information coming from our site on our behalf, relimetrics controls how that data may and may not be used. if you do not want to assist relimetrics in improving our website, products, services, offers, and marketing strategy, you can “opt-out” of this web-site analysis tool by downloading and installing the google analytics opt-out browser add-on at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.relimetrics uses google adwords remarketing to advertise online using text or image ads. remarketing is a feature that lets us reach people who have previously visited our site, and show them relevant ads when they visit other sites. google use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website. for this purpose third party advertising provider cookies are set when you visit our website. users may opt out of google’s use of cookies by visiting the google advertising opt-out pageour website uses google adwords conversion tracking which uses cookies to help us determine how many people who clicked on our google ads end up contacting us through the website. this tracking cookie is set on your browser only when you click on a google ad and these cookies help us increase the website’s effectiveness for our visitors. these cookies expire within 30 days and do not contain information that can identify you personally. please refer to the google advertising privacy notice for more information about google conversion tracking and the ability to opt out.please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. these cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.manage cookies‍you can, if you wish, set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. if you wish to control or prevent the use of these cookies, please edit the settings of your web browser. for further information about how to refuse cookies, please refer to your browser “help” section or see www.allaboutcookies.orgif relimetrics decides to change this privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.if you have any comments or questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at info(at)relimetrics.com. we will address any issue to the best of our abilities.eu privacy policyprivacy statement for relimetrics web site‍summary of key information concerning the processing of your personal datawe at relimetrics respect your privacy and recognize your need for appropriate protection and management of any personal data you share with us (any information by which you can be identified, whether directly or indirectly, such as name, address, and telephone number). that is why relimetrics has established this privacy statement – so that you can understand the care with which we will treat your personal data.in general, you may visit www.relimetrics.com without telling us who you are or revealing any personal data about yourself. however, at times, we may request that you share personal data with us in order to obtain access to certain features of our site or to request additional information from us. if you choose to provide personal data, we assure you that we will take appropriate steps to protect the data you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. if you choose not to provide the data we request, you can still visit most of our website, but you may be unable to access certain areas, options, or services.relimetrics will use your personal data to better understand your needs for machine vision products and to support your customer relationship with relimetrics. among other things, relimetrics will utilize your personal data to alert you to product upgrades and updated product information or to send you other literature and/or information that you request. from time to time, relimetrics may contact you via phone, email, or postal mail with information about various products and services.we will transfer your personal data to relimetrics group companies and third party providers located outside the eu.you also have rights to control your personal data. at any time you can exercise your rights, or easily opt-out of receiving further marketing information from relimetrics, by contacting us via:- email: info@relimetrics.com- phone: +49 30 6392 2929- post:‍relimetrics gmbhvolmerstrasse 9b, 12489 berlingermanydetails concerning the processing of your personal datarelimetrics gmbh (relimetrics, inc.) adhere to this website privacy policy and other legal notices listed on www.relimetrics.com (“website”), which may be updated from time to time.please read this policy carefully. by visiting our website you acknowledge the practices described in this policy, except where your specific consent is requested.for the purposes of applicable data protection law, relimetrics is the controller of any personal data collected from you on the website or otherwise for the purpose of conducting or developing our business with you.information we collect automatically‍when you visit our website, our server automatically collects certain browser or device generated information, including but not limited to your:- domain;- ip address;- date, time and duration of your visit;- browser type;- operating system; and- page visits.we do not use this automatically collected information to try to identify you, and we do not associate it with the information you provide voluntarily, as detailed below.information you provide‍in using our website, conducting business with us or seeking to conduct business with us, you may voluntarily provide personal data to us in the following ways:- by filling in forms (for example, a ‘contact us’ form), on our website or at a trade show or anywhere else we conduct business;- by downloading documentation from our website, such as videos or webinars;- by subscribing to newsletters, white papers or other communications;- by corresponding with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise using our contact details; or- by applying for a job, work placement or internship on our recruitment platform, in relation to which you should also refer to the specific privacy notices made available to you during the recruitment process.typically, the personal data you give us will include your name, address, e-mail address, phone number, and any personal details required to resolve any enquirers or complaints. where you are applying for a job, work placement or internship, you will be asked to provide certain additional information, for example about your education, employment history and right to work, we will inform you specifically pursuant to a specific privacy notice for job candidates.the information you provide is required to enter into a contract with you (such as in anticipation of an employment contract or a purchase agreement) and failure to provide any information may result in our inability to provide requested services or products or consider your application for employment.use of personal information‍the following is an overview of our purposes for using your personal data. please remember that additional details on how we process your personal data may be provided to you in a separate notice or contract.all processing (i.e. use) of your personal data is justified by a “condition” for processing. in the majority of cases, processing will be justified on the basis that:- you have consented to the processing;- the processing is necessary to perform a contract with you or take steps to enter into a contract at your request;- the processing is necessary for us to comply with a relevant legal obligation; or- the processing is in our legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights, and notably our legitimate interest in using supplier, customer and website user data to conduct and develop our business activities with them and with others.we use the personal data we collect to:- better understand your needs for machine vision products;- support your customer relationship with relimetrics, such as shipping and invoicing;- more generally, conduct and develop our business with you and with others;- provide you with documentation, white papers, videos, webinars or communications which you have requested;- provide you with any other services or products you request;- send you marketing communications, where it is lawful for us to do so;- alert you to product upgrades and updated product information;- contact you via phone, email, or postal mail with information about our various products and services.- improve the functionalities of our website, and our products and services generally, by understanding user patterns;- customize our website to users’ needs (such as ease of use);- correspond with users to resolve their queries or complaints; or- manage a recruitment, work placement or internship process, including considering applications and making offers.sharing of personal data‍we are part of the global relimetrics group, and from time to time it will be necessary to share your personal data with our affiliated businesses. we will also appoint third party service providers (who will operate under our instructions) to assist us in providing information, products or services to you, in conducting and managing our business, or in managing and improving the website, and these third parties may need access to your personal data.if your personal data is transferred outside the eu to other relimetrics group companies or to service providers, we will take steps to ensure that you information receives the same level of protection as if it remained within the eea, including by entering into data transfer agreements using the eu commission approved standard contractual clauses as set forth in art. 46.2 of the eu general data protection regulation, or by relying on certification schemes such as the eu – us privacy shield as set forth in art. 45 of the eu general data protection regulation. you have a right to obtain details of the mechanism under which your information is transferred outside of the eu by contacting info@relimetrics.com.we may share your personal data with third parties in connection with a potential or actual sale of our company or any of our assets, or those of any affiliated company, in which case personal data held by us about our users may be one of the transferred assets.we will also respond to requests for information where required by to do so by law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator or any other legal process served on us.marketing (sms & emails)‍where lawful to do so, and subject to your consent where required, we may communicate with you by sms and email to tell you about our products and services. if you wish to opt-out of receiving marketing communications, please contact us directly on info@relimetrics.com and we will stop sending you communications.security‍we use data storage and security techniques to protect your personal data from unauthorized access, improper use or disclosure, unauthorized modification or unlawful destruction or accidental loss. however, it is important to remember that no website can be 100% secure and we cannot be held responsible for unauthorized or unintended access that is beyond our control.retention of your information‍your personal data we use to provide information about our products and services, will be retained for a period of 5 years from your last contact with us. your personal data that we use to provide you products or services you have requested will be retained for the relevant statute of limitations. for other personal data, we apply a general rule of keeping personal data only for as long as required to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. however, in some circumstances we may retain personal data for periods of time corresponding to legal requirements, for instance in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements.in specific circumstances we may also retain your personal data for longer periods of time so that we have an accurate record of your dealings with us in the event of any complaints or challenges.external links‍the website may contain links to third party sites. since relimetrics does not control nor is responsible for the privacy practices of those websites, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of these third party sites. this policy applies solely to personal data collected by our websites or in the course of our business activities.your rights‍subject to any specific conditions set forth below or in applicable law, you may have some or all of the following rights in respect of your personal data:- to obtain a copy of your personal data together with information about how and on what basis that personal data is processed;- to rectify inaccurate personal data (including the right to have incomplete personal data completed);- to erase your personal data (in limited circumstances, such as where it is no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for - which it was collected or processed);- to restrict processing of your personal data where:- the accuracy of the personal data is contested;- the processing is unlawful but you object to the erasure of the personal data;- we no longer require the personal data but it is still required for the establishment, exercise or defense of a legal claim;- to port your data in machine-readable format to a third party (or to you) when we justify our processing on the basis of your consent or the performance of a contract with you;- to withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data (where that processing is based on your consent);- to object to decisions which are based solely on automated processing or profiling; and- to obtain, or see a copy of the appropriate safeguards under which your personal data is transferred to a third country or international organization.in addition to the above rights, you have the right to object to any processing of your personal data that we have justified on the basis of legitimate interest, including profiling. you also have the right to object to any processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes, including profiling for marketing purposes.in relation to all of these rights, please contact us using the details given below. please note that we may request proof of identity, and we reserve the right to charge a fee if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. we will endeavor to respond to your request within all applicable time frames.you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority for data protection where you live or work or where you suspect possible infringement of data protection law as detailed at https://ec.europa.eu/digital-single-market/en/news/list-personal-data-protection-competent-authorities.contact information‍if you have any questions in relation to this policy or you wish to exercise any of your rights, please contact us via:- email: info@relimetrics.com- phone: +49 30 6392 2929- post:relimetrics gmbhvolmerstrasse 9b, 12489 berlingermanyhow we use cookies and other methods for the collection of website usage datasome of our web pages utilize “cookies” so that we can better serve you with tailored information when you return to our site. cookies are small files that our website may send to your browser and that are kept on your computer to make our website function properly, to provide business and marketing information to us and to facilitate your next visit to our site. the cookie data may improve your use of forms on our website based on information you have previously given to us. for example, in some cases, we will allow you to bypass a web form if a form cookie exists, or we may prefill a form with previously supplied contact information. in general, you can visit the relimetrics website without telling us who you are or revealing any personal data about yourself, such as your name, phone number, postal code or email address.our web server collects ip addresses to obtain certain aggregate information concerning the use of our website. an ip address is a number that is automatically assigned to your computer whenever you’re surfing the web. we do not link ip addresses to any other personally identifiable information. occasionally you may be asked to give us more specific information about yourself, such as when you download software, register for a seminar or other event, respond to a survey, enter a contest from our website, and register at the customer portal. supplying such information to us is optional, but you may be unable to complete certain transactions without giving such information.types and kinds of cookies‍there are four types of cookies:- strictly necessary – technically essential to the provision of our website. for example, some cookies may be used to enable secure login to certain areas of our website- performance – monitor and assess our website and its use. for example, recording visits to reveal how a website is used and which parts are most popular.- functionality – enable additional functionality to improve user experience. for example, recording settings for future visits so as to save users having to repeat making the same choices.advertising/targeting – use an identification number to monitor personal preferences for the purposes of personalizing pages and gathering further information. for example, presenting adverts or promotions for products similar to those previously viewed or purchased.there are two main kinds of cookies: session cookies and persistent cookies. session cookies are deleted from your computer when you close your browser, whereas persistent cookies remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach their expiry date.cookies on our website‍relimetrics uses the services of the third party vendor google analytics to help us measure and analyze the effectiveness of our website and how visitors use www.relimetrics.com. to do this, we may use web beacons and cookies provided by this third party vendor. the type of information we collect includes the pages visited and navigation patterns, which helps us learn how visitors use our site, and what information is of the most interest to our customers and visitors to our website. although the third party vendor logs the information coming from our site on our behalf, relimetrics controls how that data may and may not be used. if you do not want to assist relimetrics in improving our website, products, services, offers, and marketing strategy, you can “opt-out” of this web-site analysis tool by downloading and installing the google analytics opt-out browser add-on athttps://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. you can opt out from using google analytics, please reach out to info@relimetrics.com if you need support in doing so.our site uses eloqua, part of the oracle marketing cloud. this cookie is used to collect information about how visitors use our site. we use the information to compile reports and to help us improve the site. the cookies collect information in an anonymous form, including the number of visitors to the site, where visitors have come to the site from and the pages they visited. once consent is provided, through a form submission by the visitor, we can associate a visitor’s id to individual characteristics and past behavior. see more at: http://www.oracle.com/us/legal/privacy/marketing-cloud-data-cloud-privacy-policy/index.htmlrelimetrics uses google adwords remarketing to advertise online using text or image ads. re-marketing is a feature that lets us reach people who have previously visited our site, and show them relevant ads when they visit other sites. google use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to our website. for this purpose third party advertising provider cookies are set when you visit our website. users may opt out of google’s use of cookies by visiting the google advertising opt-out pageour website uses google adwords conversion tracking which uses cookies to help us determine how many people who clicked on our google ads end up contacting us through the website. this tracking cookie is set on your browser only when you click on a google ad and these cookies help us increase the website’s effectiveness for our visitors. these cookies expire within 30 days and do not contain information that can identify you personally. please refer to the google advertising privacy notice for more information about google conversion tracking and the ability to opt out.please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, over which we have no control. these cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.manage cookies‍you can, if you wish, set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie, giving you the chance to decide whether or not to accept it. if you wish to control or prevent the use of these cookies, please edit the settings of your web browser. for further information about how to refuse cookies, please refer to your browser “help” section or see www.allaboutcookies.orgif relimetrics decides to change this privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it.if you have any comments or questions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at info@relimetrics.com. we will address any issue to the best of our abilities.legal information: relimetrics corporationthe contents of this web site, including but not limited to all text, designs and images appearing herein (collectively, the “contents”), are copyrighted works owned by relimetrics corporation (“relimetrics” or the “company”). any copying, reproduction, modification, distribution or other unauthorized use of the contents, including any portion or version thereof, is prohibited. notwithstanding the foregoing, users of this web site have the limited permission to view, copy, print and distribute the contents for non-commercial, informational purposes so long as any copy or other reproduction includes the above copyright notice.the products, processes, technology and related information described in this web site may be covered by one or more issued or pending relimetrics patents. no license or other intellectual property right to such relimetrics products, processes or technologies is granted or conferred by this web site or by anything appearing herein.the trademarks and registered trademarks of relimetrics referenced or used in this web site appear as marked and may not be used for any purpose without the express written permission of relimetrics. all other brand names, designs, service marks and trademarks (whether or not registered) referenced or used herein are the property of their respective owners. any reference to or use of third-party trademarks in this web site shall not constitute and is not intended to indicate such third party’s affiliation with or endorsement of relimetrics products and services.the product and/or service information set forth in this web site may be outdated, may contain errors and omissions, and is subject to change without notice. no statement, representation or other information contained in this web site should be construed as binding upon relimetrics contractually or otherwise the basis for any express or implied warranty. please contact the company during normal business hours for the most up-to-date information regarding specific products and services.this web site may provide users with access (whether by hypertext links, framing or otherwise as applicable) to certain other non-relimetrics web sites. any such access is provided with the understanding that the contents of non-relimetrics sites are beyond the control of relimetrics, that relimetrics makes no representations whatsoever about such sites, and that users shall proceed at their own risk.certain matters discussed in this web site may constitute “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the federal securities laws. the company’s results may differ materially from the expectations, estimates or projections contained in the forward-looking statements as a result of certain risk factors, as listed and discussed in the company’s registration statements filed with the securities and exchange commission. relimetrics disclaims any obligation subsequently to revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. the reader should not place undue reliance upon any forward-looking statements.
get started
thank you for your interest in relimetrics. you may direct your product related queries and general questions here:
contact us
berlin office
volmerstrasse 9b
12489 berlin
silicon valley office
440 n wolfe rd, sunnyvale
ca 94085
home
how does it work?applicationsabout usblogrequest a pilot
terms of service
privacy policy
imprint
member of
