privacy policy
effective date: 7/29/2021
summary
what information we collect and why
what information we do not collect
how we share the information we collect
our use of cookies and tracking
how we secure your information
how to report a complaint
how to control the information we collect
how we communicate with you
global privacy practices
changes to our privacy policy
revision history
summary
we collect your information only with your consent, or on another legal basis. we only collect the minimum amount of information that is necessary to fulfill the purpose of your interaction with us. we don't sell any personal information to any third parties, and we only use data as this privacy policy describes. no matter where you are, where you live, or what your citizenship is, we provide the same standard of privacy protection to all our users around the world, regardless of your country of origin or location.
a. what information we collect and why
1. website visitors
we collect anonymous data about visits to our website, including pages viewed, browser/device type and approximate geographic location. we gather this information to improve the visitor experience and performance of our website, and for statistical purposes to track how many visitors we have and what resources are accessed most often.
2. self-hosted databases
we track how many times our software is downloaded from dockerhub to understand how many customers have deployed each version of our software.
api call data is processed and loaded into a database so that you can query this data from your favorite database tools. however, you control your own data. none of your usage data is shared with resurface labs.
b. what information we do not collect
1. website visitors
when you visit our website, we do not collect any personal information about you. we do not collect ip addresses or other data to uniquely identify or track you. we don't use any third-party tracking services, like google analytics, because those are totally lame.
2. self-hosted databases
we do not collect any data that uniquely identifies customers who download software from dockerhub.
self-hosted databases operate completely independently of resurface labs. there are no "phone home" capabilities where data is automatically sent to resurface labs or to any third parties.
c. how we share the information we collect
we do not share, sell, rent or trade any collected data with any third parties for any purpose.
we do not host advertising on resurface.io, nor do we sell any information to advertisers or marketers. we may occasionally embed content from third-party sites, such as youtube, and that content may include ads. while we try to minimize any ads our embedded content contains, we can't always control what third parties show.
d. our use of cookies and tracking
we do not rely on any third-party services that create cookies or otherwise attempt to track our users. we do not use cookies or tracking technologies to enable correlating use of our website with any other online services in any way. we do not use "supercookies" or any similar techniques for permanently tracking a user device. we use email pixel tags for certain emails we send but only to help ensure that we do not continue sending emails to uninterested recipients. we do not ask for user consent to allow any type of user tracking, simply because we do not perform this kind of tracking.
e. how we secure your information
1. general practices
we take all measures reasonably necessary to protect your data from unauthorized access, alteration or destruction; to maintain data accuracy; and to help ensure the appropriate use of your data. we follow generally accepted industry standards to protect data submitted to us, both during transmission and once we receive it. specific guidelines and best practices for our software are described in our security guide.
no method of transmission or retention of user data is 100% secure. we cannot guarantee absolute security, but we strive for the highest standards of care when designing and running our services.
2. self-hosted databases
when running your own database, it's important that you follow the security guide, as well as other standard industry practices for securing the systems and networks involved. resurface labs cannot be responsible for security factors outside the context and control of our software.
f. how to report a complaint
if you have questions or concerns, please contact us immediately. we want to help and will respond promptly.
data protection officer:
rob dickinsondpo@resurface.io5323 deer creek ct, boulder co 80301 usa
you have the right to lodge a complaint with the appropriate supervisory authority in your jurisdiction, in the unlikely event that we are unable to resolve your complaint to your satisfaction.
g. how to control the information you collect
our logging libraries are always configured with logging rules that control what information is collected. strict logging rules are active by default, so that common forms of personally identifying information are automatically removed. users may configure logging rules to allow additional detail to be collected (when it is appropriate to do so), for detecting user consent or to randomly sample usage data. please see our online documentation for more information about logging rules. again, this data is not sent to resurface labs.
h. how we communicate with you
we communicate company updates through our blog, our public slack channel, via email and through social media.
we use email to communicate with customers or prospects, except for those who ask to use slack instead.
i. global privacy practices
information that we collect will be retained and processed in the united states in accordance with this privacy policy. however, we understand that users from different countries and regions have different privacy expectations, and we strive to meet those needs. we provide the same standard of privacy protection to all our users around the world, regardless of their country of origin or physical location.
j. changes to our privacy policy
although most changes are likely to be minor, resurface labs may change this privacy policy from time to time. the revised policy will be posted here with an updated revision date. we encourage you to check back periodically for any changes or updates. if we make a material change to our privacy policy, we will post a notice at the top of this page for 30 days. by continuing to use our websites after such revision takes effect we consider that you have read and understand the changes.
k. revision history
5/28/2018 - original version
4/8/2019 - collection and use of website visitor data
8/16/2019 - additions to cover hosted databases
5/16/2020 - removed references to demo environment (deprecated)
7/29/2021 - deletion of hosted database references and updates to cover third-party provider information collection
contact us
sales@resurface.iosupport@resurface.ioinfo@resurface.io
720-804-0324
4845 pearl east circle, suite 101boulder, co 80301
privacy | license | terms of service© 2022 resurface labs inc. all rights reserved.
