personal
businessbusinesswholesale
business
wholesale
about stc
sustainability
rawafed
investors
help
complaints
qitaf
careers
mobilepostpaidmofawtar max    mofawtar 4mofawtar 3 plusmofawtar 3mofawtar 2mofawtar basiccontrol packagesmofawtar control    additional featuresmobile internet packagesinternational minutes packages sawa hybridjawwy hybridprepaidsawa sim sawa packagessawa data keysrecharge cardssawa international pricessawa international bundlesroamingsearch by country namegcc roamingglobal premium roamingglobal basic roamingcall receiving roaming quicknet roaminginternational pricesdirect billingstc tv appnetflixgoogle playapp storeshahid vipspecial offersesimlevel-uplocal roaming
postpaid
mofawtar max
mofawtar 4
mofawtar 3 plus
mofawtar 3
mofawtar 2
mofawtar basic
control packages
control packages
mofawtar control
additional features
additional features
mobile internet packages
international minutes packages
sawa hybrid
jawwy hybrid
prepaid
sawa sim
sawa packages
sawa data keys
recharge cards
sawa international prices
sawa international bundles
roaming
search by country name
gcc roaming
global premium roaming
global basic roaming
call receiving roaming
quicknet roaming
international prices
direct billing
stc tv app
netflix
google play
app store
shahid vip
special offers
esim
level-up
local roaming
homebaity planstechnology change offersbaity fiber 500 + stc tvbaity fiber 300 + stc tvbaity fiber 200 + stc tvbaity fiber 100    baity fiber 300 - prepaid    baity fiber 100 - prepaid    baity wirelessbaity 5g ul baity 5g 200mbps baity 5g unlimited esim baity 5g 300mbps prepaid baity 4g unlimitedbaity 4g 50mbpsbaity (4g) 500gb prepaidkeysjawal keyupload key plusbaity extra keystc tv home keygame master keygcc keysmart homeentertainmentstc tv stc tv home packagesother serviceshome phone plushatif servicesspecial offersreferral program
baity plans
technology change offers
baity fiber 500 + stc tv
baity fiber 300 + stc tv
baity fiber 200 + stc tv
baity fiber 100
baity fiber 300 - prepaid
baity fiber 100 - prepaid
baity wireless
baity 5g ul
baity 5g 200mbps
baity 5g unlimited esim
baity 5g 300mbps prepaid
baity 4g unlimited
baity 4g 50mbps
baity (4g) 500gb prepaid
keys
jawal key
upload key plus
baity extra key
stc tv home key
game master key
gcc key
smart home
entertainment
stc tv
stc tv home packages
other services
home phone plus
hatif services
special offers
referral program
quicknetquicknet prepaidquicknet vouchersquicknet postpaidquicknet postpaid offers quicknet 5gquicknet deviceswifi
quicknet prepaidquicknet vouchers
quicknet postpaid
quicknet postpaid offers
quicknet 5gquicknet deviceswifi
stc tvstc tv     stc tv homestc tv app packagesstc tv home packages
stc tv
stc tv home
stc tv app
packages
stc tv home packages
devicesdevicesall devicesinstallment programssmartphone devices trade in programquara finance‬stc protectapple watch servicepartners installment programs5g devicesuser guide iphone 13 pro
devices
all devices
installment programs
smartphone devices trade in program
quara finance‬
stc protect
apple watch service
partners installment programs
5g devices
user guide
services
5g
stc respects your privacy and it is our objective to provide excellent quality service to all our customers, employees and partners. this privacy notice has been formulated to help you understand the nature of the data we collect from you and how this personal data will be treated by us. it is important you are informed how stc uses your personal data and your rights as a customer when you share your data with us and according to data acts and regulations in the kingdom of saudi arabia.
we collect and use personal data from you to help us provide the highest standard of products and services to you.  for example:
enable us to develop, enhance, market and/or deliver products and services to stc customers
enable and support our operation and systems to ensure continuity and quality to our services and provide accurate billing and enable us to process payments for products and services.
understand your needs as customers and your eligibility for products and services and recommend particular products and services that would be relevant to you.
communicate new product and services launched.
resolve any queries or complaints you may have and allows us to provide you a personalized customer experience across all our channels.
we also need to collect and process personal data to meet legal and regulatory requirements.
these are the main types of personal data we collect and use about you:
data that you give us which is required when registering with our services (such as name, e-mail address, address, phone number, date of birth, nationality, gender).
data that we get from your use of our services, websites or mobile apps (such as cookies and usage data).
data exchanged during our communications with you (such as customer support requests and feedback from you).
data from devices that helps in products recommendations and solving technical complaints (such as device id).
customer location data that helps in improving network related complaints resolution and any operational services.
we may collect personal data in different ways, including:
product and services – when you register, use or sign a contract to become our customer and use our products or services.
direct interactions – when you complete a form and send it to us via our website, mobile apps, by email, post or via a phone call to our call center. this includes any personal data you provide to us when making an enquiry or taking part in a promotion.
social media interactions – any posts and interactions you have directly with us on social media channels.
browsing– data about how you are using our web site, including the date and time of your visit, the type of internet browser you use and how you were referred to our web site.
web surveys - our online web surveys enable us to gather specific data regarding issues such as your feedback on the look and feel of our website and mobile apps. additionally, we may also request information on several elements of our customer service. your feedback is vital, appreciated and enables us to enhance the quality of customer service we provide. the provision of your name and other details is optional.
telecommunication network – when you use stc networks.
your personal data is only stored for as long as it is necessary, according to defined retention periods, for the purposes for which it was collected, and for satisfying any legal, regulatory, accounting or reporting requirements. this length of time may vary depending on individual circumstances. we regularly review our data retention period to ensure we are not keeping your data for longer than necessary.
we take the protection of your data very seriously, and will employ appropriate organisational and technical data protection and security measures and procedures to safeguard your data from any unauthorised disclosure or processing. stc will maintain at all times the privacy and confidentiality of all personal data collected. such data may only be disclosed or shared when approved and required by law, or when we believe that such action is necessary or desirable to provide products and services, or technical support and according to why we collect and use your personal data section. we will not use any of your personal data for commercial purposes to any third party outside stc or partner companies without your permission unless it is collected without identifiers on an aggregated basis for analytical purposes, studies, reports with adherence to personal data protection acts and regulations in the kingdom of saudi arabia.
you have the right as a customer to access, update, and correct your personal data. you can also choose to give your consent for receiving emails or marketing which you can freely withdraw by opting-out at any time.these customer rights can be managed either via your mystc account, customer agent or 900 sms
in order to ensure that we continue to offer the best possible experience and the highest level of protection to you, we reserve the right to update the privacy notice as and when necessary and appropriate.  we therefore recommend you check it periodically.
in case of any questions or comments you can reach us via sales office, email, chat, and social media or through mystc portal and mobile apps.
stc uses cookies and similar technologies in a range of ways to improve your experience on our website, commonly including:
keeping you signed in
necessary for operation of the website
understanding how you use our website and mobile apps.
our website and mobile apps may contains links to third party sites, which may be subject to separate privacy policies. these sites are not under our control, and we are not responsible for their own privacy policies.
personal
mobile
landline
internet
mystc digital channels
speedtest award
customer rights and responsibilities
complaint processing procedures
stc speedtest award
spam sms limitations controls
business
business contact us
wholesale
customer rights and responsibilities
complaint handling procedures for gov & b2b customers
spam sms limitations controls
rights of ict services’ users
coverage map
user guide for gov & b2b customers
help
faqs
contact us
national address
coverage maps
sales offices
national single sign-on
vat registration certificate
stc lab
stc world
stc kuwaitcreated with sketch.kuwait
kuwait
stc bahraincreated with sketch.bahrain
bahrain



about stc
follow us






copyright © 2022 stc. all rights reserved.
