businessthe word business
lifethe word life
newsthe word news
reviewsthe word reviews
marketsthe word markets bondsfundspre-marketmarket moversdow jones liveyour portfolio
bonds
funds
pre-market
market movers
dow jones live
your portfolio
stocksthe word stocks stocks findermarket moversindex constituentsearnings calendardividends
stocks finder
market movers
index constituents
earnings calendar
dividends
indicesthe word indices market moversindex constituentsdow jones lives&p 500 livenasdaq liveworld map
market movers
index constituents
dow jones live
s&p 500 live
nasdaq live
world map
commoditiesthe word commodities newscommodities livegoldoilcopper
news
commodities live
gold
oil
copper
cryptocurrenciesthe word cryptocurrencies bitcoinethereumcryptocurrencies live
bitcoin
ethereum
cryptocurrencies live
currenciesthe word currencies newscurrencies livecurrency convertereur/usdgbp/usdus dollar index
news
currencies live
currency converter
eur/usd
gbp/usd
us dollar index
etfsthe word etfs newsetf finderetf issuers
news
etf finder
etf issuers
newsthe word news
© 2022 insider inc. and finanzen.net gmbh (imprint). all rights reserved.
registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our              terms of serviceand privacy policy.
disclaimer
accessibility
commerce policy

advertising policies
made in nyc
stock quotes by                 finanzen.net
sdchain: the world's first iot public blockchain to support iso/iec "six-domain model" standards
toronto, march 13, 2018 /prnewswire/ -- sdchain alliance today officially launched the world's first public blockchain that has truly adopted the blockchain to ensure the reliability of the internet of things. this has converged the iot (internet of things) and the blockchain into a decentralized ecosystem for various industries in order that they may establish an efficient, low-cost iot data exchange platform to give the data more commercial value, according to their own individual needs. on the one hand, it will truly create high-value digital assets. on the other hand, it can greatly enhance the commercial value of the internet of things application itself.
sdchain advanced the original schedule of the beta public chain by two months to help partners and sdchain communities become familiar with the public chain based on world's first implementation of the iso "six-domain model" as early as possible. the launch of sdchain's public chain will inject a new trend into the blockchain industry, leading the industry to truly focus on the application of blockchains and ecological development to help the real economy.
david pan, ceo of sdchain alliance, said, "we are grateful to the support from the sdchain community and the engineering team for helping to get the sdchain public chain online earlier than anticipated, and for contributing to the rebuilding of the iot business model." richard zhou, head of sdchain alliance canada, also said, "the early launch of the beta chain provides the underlying technical support for the establishment of a series of potential ecosystems for potential sdchain customers during the ongoing collaborations. the international standards of the convergence of iot and blockchain can also be applied to the field of financial technology."
sdchain is a public blockchain that fully considers the technical characteristics of iot and the needs of ecosystem development. based on the existing blockchain technology, sdchain carries out in-depth optimization to effectively realize the circulation and value transformation of digital assets under credit and promote the iot business model. interested communities and enterprises considering in joining the beta program, please contact sdchain via linkedin or email hr@sdchain.io.
about sdchain alliance
the sdchain alliance, established in canada, makes full use of blockchain for different iot applications, providing efficient decentralized services with a globally-integrated ecosystem of blockchain and iot.
sdchain press release contact
waterball liu waterball@sdchain.io (852)5609-0489
share this post
find news				news
s&p500 stocks:
all
0-9
a
b
c
d
e
f
g
h
i
j
k
l
m
n
o
p
q
r
s
t
u
v
w
x
y
z
dow jonesgold priceoil priceeuro dollarcad usdpeso usdpound usdusd inrbitcoin pricecurrency converterexchange ratesrealtime quotespremarketgoogle stockapple stockfacebook stockamazon stocktesla stock
*© 2022 insider inc. and finanzen.net gmbh (imprint). all rights reserved.              registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our               terms of serviceand privacy policy.
disclaimer
accessibility statement
commerce policy
advertising policies
made in nyc
stock quotes by               finanzen.net

need help? contact us!
