products
documentation
videos
why dol-sensors?
about us
locate a dealer
become a dealer
contact
choose language
privacy policy
privacy policy
1. data protection overviewgeneralthe following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal data when you visit our website. personal data is any data with which you could be personally identified. detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy below.
data collection on our websitewho is responsible for data collection on this website?the data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. the operator’s contact details can be found in the website’s imprint.
how do we collect your data?some data are collected when you provide them to us, for example data you enter into a contact form. other data are collected automatically by our it systems when you visit the website. these data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you access the page. these data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
for what do we use your data?part of the data is collected to ensure proper functioning of the website. other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
what rights do you have regarding your data?you always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. you also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. you can contact us at any time using the address given in the imprint if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. you may also file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
analytics and third-party toolswhen visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. this happens primarily using cookies and analytics. the analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. you can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. detailed information can be found in the privacy policy below.
2. general notes and mandatory information data protectionthe operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. we treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
if you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. personal data is any data with which you could be personally identified. this privacy policy explains what information we collect and for what we use it. it also explains how and for which purpose this happens.please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via e-mail communication) may be subject to security breaches. complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
notice concerning the party responsible for this websitethe party responsible for processing data on this website is:
dol-sensors a/sagro food park 158200 aarhus n, denmarktel.: +45 7217 5888[email protected]
the responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
revocation of your consent to the processing of your datamany data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. you may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. an informal e-mail making this request is sufficient. the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
right to data portabilityyou have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. if you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent that is technically feasible.
ssl or tls encryptionthis site uses ssl or tls encryption for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. you can identify an encrypted connection in your browser’s address line when it changes from “http://” to “https://” and the lock icon is displayed in your browser’s address bar. if ssl or tls encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
information, blocking, deletionas permitted by law, you have the right to be provided with information about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed at any time and at no charge. you also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. you can contact us at any time using the address given in our imprint if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
3. data protection officerstatutory data protection officerwe have appointed a data protection officer for our company.thomas prüllagetelephone: +49(0)4447-801-146e-mail: [email protected]
4. data collection on our websitecookiessome of our web pages use cookies. cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
most of the cookies we use are so-called “session cookies.” they are automatically deleted after your visit. other cookies remain in your device’s memory until you delete them. these cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you revisit the site.
you can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. alternatively, your browser can be configured to accept cookies automatically under certain conditions, or to always reject them, or to delete cookies automatically when closing your browser. disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
cookies that are necessary to allow electronic communication or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f gdpr. the website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service free of technical errors. where other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
server log filesthe website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in “server log files”. the following information is collected:
browser type and browser version
operating system used
referrer url
hostname of the accessing computer
time of the server request
ip address
these data will not be combined with data from other sources. the basis for data processing is art. 6 (1) (b) gdpr, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
contact formshould you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered in the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. we do not share this information without your permission.
we will therefore process any data you enter into the contact form only with your consent in accordance with art. 6 (1) (a) gdpr. you may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. an informal e-mail making this request is sufficient. the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
we will retain the data you provide in the contact form until you request their deletion, revoke your consent for their storage, or until the purpose for their storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
5. social mediasharing content via plugins (facebook, google+1, linkedin, etc.)the content on our websites can be shared on other social networks like facebook, linkedin, or google+. our users can share the content of this website on social networks without their providers creating profiles of users’ surfing behavior.
facebook plugins (like & share buttons)our website includes plugins for the social network facebook, facebook inc., 1 hacker way, menlo park, california 94025, usa. the facebook plugins can be identified by the facebook logo or the like button on our website. for an overview of facebook plugins, see https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins/.
when you visit our website, a direct connection between your browser and the facebook server is established via the plugin. this enables facebook to receive the information that you have visited our site from your ip address. if you click on the facebook like button while you are logged into your facebook account, you can link the content of our website to your facebook profile. this allows facebook to associate visits to our site with your user account. please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to facebook or of how facebook uses these data. for more information, please see facebooks privacy policy at https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
if you do not want facebook to associate your visit to our site with your facebook account, please log out of your facebook account.
google+ pluginour website uses google+ functions. google+ is operated by google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa. collection and disclosure of information: using the google +1 button allows you to publish information worldwide. by means of the google+ button, you and other users can receive custom content from google and our partners. google stores both the fact that you have +1’d a piece of content and information about the page you were viewing when you clicked +1. your +1 can be displayed together with your profile name and photo in google services, for example in search results or in your google profile, or in other places on websites and advertisements on the internet.
google records information about your +1 activities to improve google services for you and others. to use the google +1 button, you need a globally visible, public google profile that must contain at least the name chosen for the profile. this name is used by all google services. in some cases, this name may also replace a different name that you have used to share content via your google account. the identity of your google profile can be shown to users who know your e-mail address or other information that can identify you.
use of collected data: in addition to the uses mentioned above, the information you provide is used in accordance with the applicable google data protection policies. google may publish summary statistics about users’ +1 activity or share it with users and partners, such as publishers, advertisers, or affiliate websites.
linkedin pluginour website uses functions from the linkedin network. the service is provided by linkedin corporation, 2029 stierlin court, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.each time one of our pages containing linkedin features is accessed, your browser establishes a direct connection to the linkedin servers. linkedin is informed that you have visited our web pages from your ip address. if you use the linkedin “recommend” button and are logged into your linkedin account, it is possible for linkedin to associate your visit to our website with your user account please note that, as the operator of this site, we have no knowledge of the content of the data transmitted to linkedin or of how linkedin uses these data.for more information, please see linkedin’s privacy policy at www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
6. analytics and advertisinggoogle analyticsthis website uses google analytics, a web analytics service operated by google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.google analytics uses so-called “cookies”. these are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of how you use the website. the information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a google server in the usa and stored there.google analytics cookies are stored based on art. 6 (1) (f) gdpr. the website operator has a legitimate interest in analyzing user behavior to optimize both its website and its advertising.
ip anonymisationwe have activated the ip anonymization feature on this website. your ip address will be shortened by google within the european union and other parties to the agreement on the european economic area prior to transmission to the united states. only in exceptional cases is the full ip address sent to a google server in the us and shortened there. google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate how you use the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and internet usage for the website operator. the ip address transmitted by your browser as part of google analytics will not be merged with any other data held by google.
browser pluginyou can prevent these cookies from being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. however, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. you can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (including your ip address) from being passed to google, and the processing of these data by google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
objecting to the collection of datayou can prevent the collection of your data by google analytics by clicking on the following link. an opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site: disable google analyticsfor more information about how google analytics handles user data, see google’s privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
demographic data collection by google analyticsthis website uses google analytics’ demographic features. this allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors. these data come from interest-based advertising from google and third-party visitor data. these collected data cannot be attributed to any specific individual person. you can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ad settings in your google account or you can forbid the collection of your data by google analytics as described in the section “objecting to the collection of data”.
google adwords and google conversion trackingthis website uses google adwords. adwords is an online advertising program from google inc., 1600 amphitheater parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, united states (“google”).as part of google adwords, we use so-called conversion tracking. when you click on an ad served by google, a conversion tracking cookie is set. cookies are small text files that your internet browser stores on your computer. these cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification of the user. should the user visit certain pages of the website and the cookie has not yet expired, google and the website can tell that the user clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page.
each google adwords customer has a different cookie. thus, cookies cannot be tracked using the website of an adwords customer. the information obtained with the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for the adwords customers who have opted for conversion tracking. customers are told the total number of users who clicked on their ad and were redirected to a conversion tracking tag page. however, advertisers do not obtain any information that can be used to personally identify users. if you do not want to participate in tracking, you can opt out of this by disabling the google conversion tracking cookie by changing your browser settings. in doing so, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
conversion cookies are stored based on art. 6 (1) (f) gdpr. the website operator has a legitimate interest in analysing user behaviour to optimise both its website and its advertising.for more information about google adwords and google conversion tracking, see the google privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy.you can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. alternatively, your browser can be configured to accept cookies automatically under certain conditions, or to always reject them, or to delete cookies automatically when closing your browser. disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
7. newsletternewsletter dataif you would like to receive our newsletter, we need a valid e-mail address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the specified e-mail address and that you agree to receive this newsletter. no additional data is collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis. we use this data exclusively to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties.
we will therefore process any data you enter into the contact form only with your consent in accordance with art. 6 (1) (a) gdpr. you can revoke consent to the storage of your data and e-mail address as well as their use for sending the newsletter at any time, e.g. through the “unsubscribe” link in the newsletter. the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.the data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription, when said data will be deleted. data we have stored for other purposes (e.g. e-mail addresses for the members area) remain unaffected.
8. plugins and toolsyoutubeour website uses plugins from youtube, which is operated by google. the operator of the pages is youtube llc, 901 cherry ave., san bruno, ca 94066, usa. if you visit one of our pages featuring a youtube plugin, a connection to the youtube servers is established. the youtube server is informed about which of our pages you have visited. if you are logged into your youtube account, youtube allows you to associate your browsing behaviour directly with your personal profile. you can prevent this by logging out of your youtube account. youtube is used to help make our website appealing. this constitutes a justified interest pursuant to art. 6 (1) (f) gdpr. further information about handling user data can be found in the privacy policy of youtube under https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
open sans fontsfor uniform representation of fonts, this page uses web fonts provided by google open sans. when you open a page, your browser loads the required web fonts into your browser cache to display texts and fonts correctly. if your browser does not support web fonts, your computer uses a standard font. further information about handling user data can be found at https://www.fonts.com/info/legal
google mapsthis website uses the google maps map service via an api. this service is operated by google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.to use google maps, it is necessary to save your ip address. this information is generally transmitted to a google server in the usa and stored there. the provider of this website has no influence on this data transfer. the use of google maps is in the interest of making our website appealing and to facilitate the location of places specified by us on the website. this constitutes a justified interest pursuant to art. 6 (1) (f) gdpr.
further information about handling user data can be found in the privacy policy of google at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en.dol-sensors uses cookies and the like for the purposes of statistical analysis, improving the friendliness and usability of our website, tailoring content to your interests and engaging with social media. by visiting our website, you consent to our and third party use of cookies. more information.      click here to accept and close
9. the omni farm applicationin addition to the above information regarding our processing of personal data, please be informed that we collect, store and use the following personal data in accordance with the gdpr article 6(1) b from you when you use our app: ip-address and gps location. your gps location will, however, only be processed when you hold your phone to the connected device (the hardware connected to your app) for reading or writing configuration data to the connected device.
the purpose of our processing of personal data is to provide, support, personalize and develop the app. we share your data with microsoft by use of the microsoft azure cloud with the purpose of storing your data. we do not transfer your personal data outside the eu/eaa.at any time during our processing of your personal data, you have the following rights: the right of access, right of rectification, right to be forgotten, right to restriction of processing, right to data portability and right to object (all of which are described in the gdpr).we will automatically delete your personal data within 12 months from collection, unless we are required by law to store your personal data for a longer period.in case you wish to file a complaint about our processing of personal data, please contact our data protection officer or the danish data protection agency.
10. the smartadjust application
dol-sensors a/s (“us”, “we”, or “our”) operates the smartadjust mobile application (the “service”). this page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our service and the choices you have associated with that data. we use your data to provide and improve the service. by using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy, terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions.
information collection and use
we collect several different types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our service to you.
types of data collected
personal data
while using our service, we don not ask you to provide us with personally identifiable.
usage data
we do not collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our service or when you access the service by or through a mobile device (“usage data”).
use of data
we do not collect any data when you use our service.
transfer of data
we do not transfer any personal information when you use our service.
security of data
we do not collect any data when you use our service.
service providers
we do not employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our service (“service providers”), to provide the service on our behalf, to perform service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our service is used.
links to other sites
our service do not contain links to other sites.
children’s privacy
our service does not address anyone under the age of 18 (“children”). we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 18. if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your children have provided us with personal data, please contact us. if we become aware that we have collected personal data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
head officedol-sensors a/sagro food park 158200 aarhus n
t: +45 7217 5888f: +45 7217 5959e: [email protected]
head office
dol-sensors a/sagro food park 158200 aarhus n
