our solutions                            menupredictive maintenance softwaresenseye pdm makes plant-wide predictive maintenance as simple, cost-effective and intuitive as possible.integrated asset condition performancegrow your service revenue streams, automate manual business processes, and reduce inventory costs.senseye pdm omniverseguiding your predictive maintenance journey with expert tools, knowledge, support and community.
menu
predictive maintenance softwaresenseye pdm makes plant-wide predictive maintenance as simple, cost-effective and intuitive as possible.
integrated asset condition performancegrow your service revenue streams, automate manual business processes, and reduce inventory costs.
senseye pdm omniverseguiding your predictive maintenance journey with expert tools, knowledge, support and community.
benefitsmenureduce downtimesenseye pdm powers predictive maintenance and allows companies to reduce their unplanned downtime.improve sustainabilityreducing energy footprint and carbon emissions is a part of what a sustainable predictive maintenance operation can achieve.precise maintenancehelp your maintenance teams focus their efforts in the right areas, reducing wasted effort and operational expenditure.support mobile workerssenseye’s cloud-based platform allows remote monitoring of thousands of assets anytime, anywhere.reduce operating costssenseye helps make operations more efficient, enabling reduced costs whilst increasing productivity.guaranteed roiproviding customers a full refund if the savings achieved by avoiding unplanned downtime do not exceed the cost of their pdm subscription within a year.
menu
reduce downtimesenseye pdm powers predictive maintenance and allows companies to reduce their unplanned downtime.
improve sustainabilityreducing energy footprint and carbon emissions is a part of what a sustainable predictive maintenance operation can achieve.
precise maintenancehelp your maintenance teams focus their efforts in the right areas, reducing wasted effort and operational expenditure.
support mobile workerssenseye’s cloud-based platform allows remote monitoring of thousands of assets anytime, anywhere.
reduce operating costssenseye helps make operations more efficient, enabling reduced costs whilst increasing productivity.
guaranteed roiproviding customers a full refund if the savings achieved by avoiding unplanned downtime do not exceed the cost of their pdm subscription within a year.
getting started                            menugetting startedfind out how to achieve an efficient maintenance strategy and start benefiting from predictive maintenance straight away.corrective maintenancethe foundation of any maintenance strategy, find out how to make it work harder for your organization with a more predictive approach.preventative maintenancelearn about the theory and reality of preventative maintenance and key considerations for your next strategic move.condition-based maintenance learn about the advantages and disadvantages of condition-based maintenance and how to make it more efficient.condition monitoringeverything you need to know about condition monitoring as a foundation for successful asset reliability and maintenance.
menu
getting startedfind out how to achieve an efficient maintenance strategy and start benefiting from predictive maintenance straight away.
corrective maintenancethe foundation of any maintenance strategy, find out how to make it work harder for your organization with a more predictive approach.
preventative maintenancelearn about the theory and reality of preventative maintenance and key considerations for your next strategic move.
condition-based maintenance learn about the advantages and disadvantages of condition-based maintenance and how to make it more efficient.
condition monitoringeverything you need to know about condition monitoring as a foundation for successful asset reliability and maintenance.
industriesmenumining & metalsmetals & mining to cement and pulp and paper - we make sure heavy industry keeps producing whilst remaining safe.fmcg & cpgwe help consumer packaged goods manufacturers to maintain product flow and to the highest quality.automotivethousands of machines, creating thousands of bespoke models, without costly major breakdowns.every industrysenseye pdm is designed to work on any machine from any industry, find out how your use-case can benefit. servitization & equipment as a servicecreating services from your products or selling your products as a service? senseye enables 'as a service' at scale.
menu
mining & metalsmetals & mining to cement and pulp and paper - we make sure heavy industry keeps producing whilst remaining safe.
fmcg & cpgwe help consumer packaged goods manufacturers to maintain product flow and to the highest quality.
automotivethousands of machines, creating thousands of bespoke models, without costly major breakdowns.
every industrysenseye pdm is designed to work on any machine from any industry, find out how your use-case can benefit.
servitization & equipment as a servicecreating services from your products or selling your products as a service? senseye enables 'as a service' at scale.
resources                            menuoverviewblogregular insights and thought pieces around digital acceleration, condition monitoring, servitization and prognostics.securitysecurity is taken extremely seriously at senseye. we have the certifications and continuous testing to prove it.roi calculatoruse our roi calculator to see how senseye pdm can help increase your maintenance efficiency.white papersin-depth guides on how to maximize your return on predictive maintenance investments.case studieslearn how senseye helps leading global industrial organizations avoid unplanned downtime and save money.webinarsregister for our free online presentations, delivered with partners for the most up-to-date industry news and trends.eventstake a look at the events we’re exhibiting or speaking at, be sure to stop by and meet the team!podcastsinterviews with industry experts to help manufacturing leaders reduce unplanned downtime, improve sustainability and increase the productivity of their global workforce.
menu
overview
blogregular insights and thought pieces around digital acceleration, condition monitoring, servitization and prognostics.
securitysecurity is taken extremely seriously at senseye. we have the certifications and continuous testing to prove it.
roi calculatoruse our roi calculator to see how senseye pdm can help increase your maintenance efficiency.
white papersin-depth guides on how to maximize your return on predictive maintenance investments.
case studieslearn how senseye helps leading global industrial organizations avoid unplanned downtime and save money.
webinarsregister for our free online presentations, delivered with partners for the most up-to-date industry news and trends.
eventstake a look at the events we’re exhibiting or speaking at, be sure to stop by and meet the team!
podcastsinterviews with industry experts to help manufacturing leaders reduce unplanned downtime, improve sustainability and increase the productivity of their global workforce.
companymenuabout ussenseye, the leading machine health management company enabling predictive maintenance at global scale.global partnersworking with leading industrial and technology partners to unlock the benefits of predictive maintenance.careersfind out about our culture and the roles available at our thriving tech company.contactlet's talk about how we can help you on your journey.
menu
about ussenseye, the leading machine health management company enabling predictive maintenance at global scale.
global partnersworking with leading industrial and technology partners to unlock the benefits of predictive maintenance.
careersfind out about our culture and the roles available at our thriving tech company.
contactlet's talk about how we can help you on your journey.
english - united states
deutsch
日本語
privacy policy
1. welcome
1. welcome
at senseye, we recognise the importance of protecting your personal information. we are committed to processing it in compliance with applicable data protection laws in all countries in which we operate.
this privacy policy (“policy”) describes the “personal data” that we collect about you, how we use it, how we share it, your rights and choices, and how you can contact us about our privacy practices. this policy also outlines your data subject rights, including the right to object to some uses of your personal data by us.
senseye”, “we”, “our”, or “us” means the senseye is committed to working in accordance with the general data protection regulation as enacted by the data protection act 2018 (gdpr) and with the highest standards of ethical conduct.
“personal data” means any information related to an identified or identifiable individual and can include information about how you engage with our services (e.g. device information, ip address).
“services” means the products and services that senseye indicates are covered by this policy.
‘’business services” are services provided by senseye to entities (“business users”) who directly and indirectly provide us with “services.”
it does not extend to any websites that can be accessed from our website, including but not limited to any links we may provide to social media platforms. senseye is the controller and is responsible for your data. senseye is made up of different legal entities, which can be found here on our website.
2. how do collect your data?
2. how do collect your data?
when you interact with us via our website or use our services, we may collect some personal data to help us provide a better service to our users and visitors. data can be collected in the following ways:
information you provide to us directly:
when you visit our website or download our services, we might ask you to provide some personal data. for example,
contact details include name and work email address or phone number.
account login details or similar security information such as account registration
job application
contact us with questions or a request for further information.
billing & payment information
account details such as job title, registration information
we only use this information to improve the customer experience and better understand how visitors use our website. this enables us to continue to provide the best experience.
if you don’t want to provide us with personal data, you don’t have to, but this might lead to us not being able to provide you with the relevant information you have requested. please be aware some of the information is collected using cookies and other similar tracking technologies.
3. how  we use the information
3. how  we use the information
depending on how you interact with us and the services, we use your personal information to:
respond to your requests, inquiries, comments, and concerns.
process and fulfil a request, subscriptions and other transactions;
to provide technical, product and other support to ensure a safe and secure environment;
provide and improve the service and our other products and services;
comply with legal obligations, and enforce our agreements;
deliver targeted advertisements, promotional messages, notices, and other information related to the service;
identify usage trends and develop data analysis, including for purposes of research, audit, reporting and other business operations;
billing and credit control related information to provide our services;
provide you with promotional messages and other information about products, events and services of ours;
prevent, detect, or investigate unauthorised use of our services and ensure compliance with the law and our policies;
we are committed to protecting your personal information and your privacy. we do not sell your personal information.
4. data location and retention
4. data location and retention
data location: your data is maintained, processed and stored by us and our authorised service providers in the us, eu, uk. we may also retain your data in other locations as reasonably necessary for the proper performance and delivery of our services or as may be required by law.
senseye headquarters are based in the uk. we hold iso9001 and iso27001 which ensure your data is safe and secure. to view the security policy please go to https://senseye.io/security.
while privacy laws may vary between jurisdictions, senseye is committed to protecting personal data by this privacy policy.
data retention: how long we keep information we collect about you depends on the type of information and how we collect and store it. we will securely store your information and isolate it from any further use until deletion. we retain personal data that you provide to us where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, as needed to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes and enforce our agreements).
but please note: (1) there might be some latency in deleting this information from our servers and backup storage; and (2) we may retain this information if necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, or enforce our agreements.
5. information we pass to third partied and other data sharing
5. information we pass to third partied and other data sharing
the data we collect from you may, on occasions, be processed at a destination outside the european economic area (eea). it may be processed by organisations operating outside the eea who work for us or supply a type of service we require. these organisations may be engaged in the fulfilment of your request, and the provision of support.
where we use certain service providers, we may use specific contracts approved by the european commission which give the personal data the same protection it has in europe. where we use providers based in the us, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the privacy shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between europe and the us.
we will take reasonable steps to ensure our third party service providers provide adequate levels of data protection and that your data is treated securely and lawfully in accordance with our privacy policy.
6. international data transfers
6. international data transfers
we are a global business. as such, the information we collect may be transferred to, stored, and processed in any country or territory where one or more of our business partners or service providers are based or have facilities that may be different to your home country.
while other countries or territories may not have the same standards of data protection as those in your home country, we will continue to protect the personal information that we transfer in line with this privacy policy.
we do not share your personal information with third-parties, unless it is necessary to carry out your request, for our professional or legitimate business needs, or as required or permitted by law.
for data transfers from the european economic area (eea), the uk, or switzerland to countries that are not considered to be offering an adequate level of data protection, we and the relevant data exporters and importers have entered standard contractual clauses as approved by the european commission, the uk, or switzerland.
where we disclose personal data to a third-party in another country, we put safeguards in place to ensure your personal data remains protected. these organisations may be engaged in the fulfilment of your request, and the provision of support.
7. legal basis and purpose of processing your personal data
7. legal basis and purpose of processing your personal data
this privacy policy aims to give you information on how we collect and use your personal data. to process your data, we must have a lawful basis to do so. the law allows to process your personal data as explained:
you have given consent to the processing of your personal data;
necessity for the purpose of a contract, which you are a part of, or at your request in order to take the steps prior to entering into a contract.
necessary in order to protect your vital interest;
necessary for the performance of a task.
your data protection officers (controller & processor) are dr. simon kampa & lavina lawrence; please email: privacy@senseye.io
data security is of great importance to senseye and to protect your data we have put in place suitable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure data collected via our website
8. legitimate interests
8. legitimate interests
at times we have a legitimate interest to process some personal data where it is not practical to obtain consent if it is fair and within your reasonable expectations. we will ensure that we use your personal information in ways that are not unduly intrusive or unfair, such as:
reporting criminal or suspicious acts to law enforcement agencies
external & internal audit for financial or regulatory compliance
statutory reporting
maintenance of consent (e.g., “do not contact”)
physical and network maintenance
financial management control
general governance & compliance “housekeeping”
9. your rights
9. your rights
you have the right under privacy and data protection laws gdpr, may be applicable, to request free of charge:
access to and correction or deletion of your personal information;
restriction of our processing of your personal information, or to object to our processing;
portability of your personal information;
the right to be forgotten under certain circumstances;
if you have queries or requests about the above, please contact us using the contact details in section 10.
10. data breaches
10. data breaches
data breach means a breach of security leading to accidental or unlawful destruction/loss or unauthorised disclosure of or access to personal data when personal data has been accessed.
any individual who accesses uses or manages senseye information is responsible for reporting data breaches and any information security incidents immediately to the data protection officer at: privacy@senseye.io
if a breach occurs or is discovered outside normal working hours, it must be reported as soon as possible using the contact details in section 10.
11. contacting us
11. contacting us
if you have any queries about this privacy policy, please contact us:
data protection officers: dr simon kampa / mrs lavina lawrence
email: privacy@senseye.io
security
any issues or questions relating to security please go to our security page as there is more information.
if you wish to email:
email: security@senseye.io
complaints
we try to meet the highest standards when processing your personal data. for this reason, we take any complaints we receive about our services seriously. we encourage you to bring any issues, in relation to data privacy, to our attention if you think that our processing of your information is unfair, misleading or inappropriate.
if, for any reason, you have a complaint, or you wish to raise an issue or concern, please contact the data protection officer to discuss your concerns.
email: privacy@senseye.io
mark as complaint and we will endeavour to get back to you within 1-2 days.
following this, if you are still dissatisfied with the outcome please contact: ico.org.uk
you may also contact the supervisory authority in the uk, the information commissioner’s office, by selecting the appropriate option at
https://ico.org.uk/concerns
email: dataprotectionfee@ico.org.uk
thank you
useful links
blog
about us
careers
contact
legal
terms of use
terms & conditions
privacy policy
security
contact details
hello@senseye.io
+44 (0)845 838 8615 (uk)
+1 (415) 523-0447 (usa)
+49 (0)201 49 86 91 24 (de)
+33 176 48 42 94 (fr)
+81-(0)3-6890-5012 (jp)
facebook
linkedin
twitter
youtube
