sensal health uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website. read our privacy policy here.
privacy policy
privacy policy
last updated: december 16, 2020
this privacy policy (“policy”) is intended to inform you of the types of information  sensal health, llc collects and uses, as well as our policies and practices regarding the collection, use, protection, and disclosure of any information that you provide when you use our website (“website”) or any platform used by sensal health including the myaide platform (“platform”).  the website and platform shall be referred to jointly as the “services”. . sensal health is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. any personally identifiable information that you provide will only be used in accordance with this policy.
sensal health may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. we will alert you that changes have been made by indicating on the policy the date it was updated. we encourage you to review this policy from time to time to make sure that you understand how any information you provide will be used.  each time you access the website or use the platform, the most recent version of the policy will apply. your continued use of the website or platform following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
we will ensure that all personal information that we collect and maintain will be (i) processed lawfully, fairly, and in a transparent manner; (ii) collected for specified, explicit and legitimate purposes and not further processed in a manner that is incompatible with those purposes; (iii) adequate, relevant, and limited to what is necessary; (iv) accurate and kept up to date; and (v) processed in a manner that ensures appropriate security of the personal information, including protection against unauthorized or lawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage.
‍
what we collect
we may collect the following personal information for legitimate busines purposes:
name
gender
demographic information such as age, height, weight, gender, and occupation
information about your health including past and current health related matters
email address
phone number
any other information that you may provide while accessing the services
‍
whenever you use the website, we and/or our service providers, may use a variety of technologies that automatically collect information about how the website is accessed and used (“usage information”). usage information may include, in part, browser type, operating system, the page viewed, the time, how many users visited the website, and the website you visited immediately before the website. this statistical data provides us with information about the use of the website, such as how many visitors visit a specific page on the website, how long they stay on that page, which websites they are coming from and which hyperlinks, if any, they “click” on. usage information helps us to keep the website user friendly and to provide visitor’s with readily accessible and helpful information. we may also use your usage information to troubleshoot issues with access or use of our website. usage information is generally non-identifying, but if we associate it with you as a specific and identifiable person, we treat it as personal information. for a further description of use of cookies, please refer to your cookie section below.
‍
what we do with the information we gather
we collect this information for the legitimate business interests of  understanding your needs and providing you with a better service, and also without limitation, for the following reasons:
we may communicate with you about our relationship and in response to a question that a customer has posed. we may also contact you about this policy or the services.
we may use the information to improve our services.
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information that we think you may find interesting, using the email address you provided.
from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. we may contact you by email, phone, or mail. we may use the information to customize the website according to your interests.
you may opt out of receiving further contact by notifying us at support@sensalhealth.com.
‍
security, transfer and storage of personal information
while no data transmission over the internet is 100% secure, we are committed to protecting the information we receive from you. we take commercially reasonable security measures to protect your information against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of data. to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we maintain commercially reasonable physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information and data stored on our system.
by registering for and using the services you consent to the transfer of information to anywhere in the u.s. where the services or its service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this privacy policy. personal information you submit on the website or through the services may be sent to the other countries, on our service providers’ cloud servers. we will always protect your information in accordance with this policy wherever it is processed.  we are a us based company and by accessing our website, you grant us expressed consent to transfer your personal information to us servers.
we will maintain data security by protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of the personal information by only allowing the people who are authorized to use the personal information with access to such information.
‍
how we use cookies
in some jurisdictions, we are not permitted to send cookies to the browser of a user without the prior consent of the affected user.  in this case, we will seek such consent.  the remainder of this section assumes that either the use of cookies is not restricted by applicable law, or if it is restricted that the individual has explicitly consented to the use of the cookies.
a cookie is a small electronic file may be placed on your computer’s hard drive if your computer settings allow cookies. the cookie helps analyze web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences. we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website, platform, or services.
‍
links to other websites
our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, we do not have any control over the other websites. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information that you provide while visiting such sites and this privacy statement does not govern such sites. for clarity, this policy does not apply to these websites and we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such websites or other services operated by such websites. once you leave the website via such link, we recommend your review the privacy policy applicable to such third-party websites to learn how they use and disclosure your personally identifiable information.
individual rights
the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) grants individuals who are in the european union and european economic area (eu/eea) the certain rights, with some limitations. we will establish a system to enable and facilitate the exercise of data subject rights related to:
information access;
objection to processing;
objection to automated decision-making and profiling;
restriction of processing;
data portability;
data rectification;
data erasure.
the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) provides california consumers with the right to request access to their personal information additional details about our information practices and deletion of their personal information (subject to certain exceptions).  california consumers also have the right to opt out of sales of personal information, if applicable.  please note that you may designate an authorized agent to exercise these rights on your behalf by providing written materials demonstrating that you have granted the authorized agent power of attorney.  please note that if an authorized agent submits a request on your behalf, we may need to contact you to verify your identity and protect the security of your personal information.  we will not fulfill your ccpa request unless you have provided sufficient information for us to reasonably verify you are the consumer about whom we collected personal information.  we will not discriminate against you if you choose to exercise your rights under the ccpa.
you may request, no more than twice in a 12-month period, access to the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months.  you may also request additional details about our information practices, including the categories of personal information we have collected about you, the sources of such collection, the categories of personal information we share for a legitimate business or commercial purposes, and the categories of third parties with whom we share your personal information. you may make these requests by contacting using the contact information provided below in the “controlling your personal information” section.   after submitting your request, please monitor your email for a verification email.  we are required by law to verify your identity prior to granting access to your data in order to protect your privacy and security.
you may request, no more than twice in a 12-month period, transportable copies of your personal information that we have collected about you in the last 12 months.  you may make these requests by contacting using the contact information provided below in the “controlling your personal information” section.   after submitting your request, please monitor your email for a verification email.  we are required by law to verify your identity prior to granting access to your data in order to protect your privacy and security.
you may request that we delete the personal information we have collected about you.  please note that we may retain certain information as required or permitted by applicable law.  you may make these requests by contacting us using the contact information provided below in the “controlling your personal information” section below.  after submitting your request, please monitor your email for a verification email.  we are required by law to verify your identity prior to granting access to your data in order to protect your privacy and security.
if you would like to exercise above eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) rights about your personal information we hold about you, or exercise any other data subject right available to you under california consumer privacy act (ccpa), please submit a written request to: support@sensalhealth.com or contact use using the information provided in the “controlling your personal information” section below. our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible.
please note that we may still use any aggregated and de-identified personal information that does not identify any individual and may also retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.
california residents are entitled to ask us for a notice identifying the categories of personal information which we share with our affiliates and/or third parties for marketing purposes and providing contact information for such affiliates and/or third parties.
‍
email, text, and telephone communications.
you can unsubscribe from email, text and phone communications at any time. to stop receiving our promotional emails, follow the unsubscribe instructions in the email messages you receive from us or contact us as described in the “controlling your personal information” section below. to opt-out of receiving text messages, follow the opt-out instructions in the text messages that you receive from us. we will process your request within a reasonable time after receipt, in accordance with applicable laws. note that you will continue to receive transaction-related emails regarding products or services you have requested. we may also send you certain non-promotional communications regarding sensal health and, to the extent permitted by law, you will not be able to opt-out of those communications (e.g., communications regarding updates to this policy).
‍
controlling your personal information
if you have any questions about this privacy policy or wish to exercise any of your rights under applicable laws, you can contact us by writing to us at:  301 w barbee chapel road, suite: 319 chapel hill, nc 27517 or  by emailing us at support@sensalhealth.com.
if you have previously agreed that we may use your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to us at:  301 w barbee chapel road, suite: 319 chapel hill, nc 27517 or emailing us at support@sensalhealth.com.
we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. if you give permission, we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties that we think you may find interesting. if you would like a copy of the information about you that we hold, please contact us using our website contact form.  if you believe that our information is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible at the addresses identified on our contact page. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
shifting the paradigm of virtual medication management
contact
follow us
© sensal health
privacy policy  |  terms of service
