home
collection
personalize
our story
craftsmanship
idstories
blog
log in
search
collection
personalize
our story
craftsmanship
idstories
blog
privacy policy
last updated nov 20, 2020
this privacy policy applies to your use of the website located at www.shaleeka.id and any other online and mobile websites, blogs and mobile applications operated by shaleeka art llc. on behalf of itself and its affiliates (collectively, for purposes of this privacy policy, “company,” “we” or “us”) that are related to www.shaleeka.id (collectively, the “site”) (unless a different policy is provided on a particular site or application, in which case such different policy shall control). company operates the “site” and has created this privacy policy to inform you what information we collect on the site, how we use your information and the choices you have about the way your information is collected and used. please read this privacy policy carefully. your use of the site indicates that you have read and accepted our privacy practices, as outlined in this privacy policy. in addition, please read our terms of use which also govern your use of this site. please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy apply to information gathered by us or our subsidiaries, affiliates or agents: (i) through this site, (ii) where applicable, through our customer service department in connection with this site, (iii) through our free-standing retail stores, and (iv) through sweepstakes and other promotional programs.
we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to modify, update, add to, discontinue, remove or otherwise change any portion of this privacy policy, in whole or in part, at any time. when we amend this privacy policy, we will revise the “last updated” date located at the top of this privacy policy. for changes to this privacy policy that we consider to be material, we will place a notice on www.shaleeka.id by revising the link on the homepage to read substantially as “updated privacy policy” for a reasonable amount of time. if you provide information to us or access or use the site in any way after this privacy policy has been changed, you will be deemed to have unconditionally consented and agreed to such changes. the most current version of this privacy policy will be available on the site and will supersede all previous versions of this privacy policy.
if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy, you should contact us by email at hello@shaleeka.id.
interest-based advertising: we may allow ad exchanges, web analytics vendors, social networking platforms and other third-parties to collect certain data and other information during your visits to this and other web sites in order to provide advertisements about goods and services likely to be of interest to you. for example, these companies may use a cookie or web beacon to collect this information. our site does not recognize browser “do not track” signals, and please understand that we can’t always control third party cookies stored on your machine from visiting our site, but several of our service providers who utilize these cookies or beacons on our site enable you to opt out of this interest-based advertising by visiting www.networkadvertising.org/choicesor www.aboutads.info/choices.
what information about me is collected and stored?
personally identifiable information: personally identifiable information (“pii”) is information that identifies you or could reasonably be used to identify you personally (such as your real name, address, phone number or email address). for example, when you create an account with us, your account information is stored on this site’s server. we may also ask you to provide us with certain pii in connection with the use of the site. for example, we may ask you to provide certain pii when you register with us, place an order on the site, choose to sign up for an email newsletter, or participate in a promotional event. this information is used to provide the products and services that you have ordered or requested, to process and ship orders, to send order and shipping confirmations and to provide customer service. this information also may be used to contact you about sales, special offers and new website features, unless you have opted not to receive promotional communications in connection with this site. we may also ask you to provide us with demographic information, information regarding your interests or similar information. providing us with information about yourself is voluntary, and you can always choose not to provide certain information, but then you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in some of the site’s features. we do not collect pii through third party advertisements on our site and the pii we collect is not sold to third parties.
usage information: when your computer contacts our web servers (for example, when you visit this site, or view an html email), our web servers automatically collect site usage information. site usage information is non-identifying information that describes how our visitors use and navigate our site. it can include the number and frequency of visitors to each webpage and the length of their stays, browser type, referrer data that identifies the web page visited prior and subsequent to visiting our site, and ip addresses. we also may determine the applicable technology available in order to serve you the most appropriate version of a web page, e-mail or similar service. this information is used to analyze and improve this site and to provide our customers with a fulfilling shopping experience.
browser cookies: like many websites, we may use browser “cookies.” cookies are a website’s way of remembering who you are. a cookie is a small text file that is stored on your computer’s hard drive or stored temporarily in your computer’s memory. there are two kinds of cookies: those that are “session” oriented and those that are “persistent.” session cookies delete from your computer when you close your browser. persistent cookies retain information for later use tomorrow, next week, next month, or whenever they are set to expire. we use cookies to help us to identify account holders and to optimize their experience on our site. also, we will use cookies to monitor and maintain information about your use of this site. most web browsers accept cookies automatically. you can delete cookies manually or set your browser to automatically delete cookies on a predetermined schedule. for example, in the internet explorer menu bar, select: tools/internet options/browsing history/delete to view manual and automatic options. if you decline to accept cookies, you may not be able to take advantage of or participate in certain features of this site.
use of web beacons: our web pages or e-mail messages may contain a small graphic image called a web beacon, which is sometimes also called an “image pixel,” that allows us to monitor and collect certain limited information about our users, such as the type of browser requesting the web beacon, the ip address of the computer that the web beacon is sent to and the time the web beacon was viewed. web beacons can be very small or invisible to the user, but, in general, any electronic image viewed as part of a web page or e-mail, including html based content, can act as a web beacon. we may use web beacons to count visitors to our web pages or to monitor how our users navigate our site, and we may include web beacons in e-mail messages in order to count how many messages we sent were actually opened or acted upon. we use web beacons to compile aggregate statistics about our site and our marketing campaigns.
is information collected from children?
we do not knowingly sell or ship any items ordered through this site directly to anyone who we know to be under the age of 13, nor do we collect any pii from anyone who we know to be under the age of 13. if you are under the age of 18, you should use this site only with the involvement of a parent or guardian and should not submit any pii to us. if we discover that a person under the age of 13 has provided company with pii, the company will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete such persons pii from its system.
company’s use and disclosure of collected information
use by company: we may use your pii to provide you with requested information, services or content, to contact you in connection with a promotion, or for other purposes disclosed when you provide the information. we may also contact you from time to time on behalf of one of our affiliated companies or an external business partner with information that may be of interest to you. we may also contact you regarding any problems or questions we have relating to your use of our site, or, in our discretion, notify you of changes to our privacy policy, terms of use or other policy or terms that affect you and your use of our site. we may also use information about our users, including pii, for internal purposes.
with whom does the company share information?
company may share your pii with third parties under the following circumstances,:
third parties providing services on our behalf: we may engage third parties to perform services in connection with the operation of our business. examples of these services include: (a) payment processing and authorization, (b) fraud protection and credit risk reduction, (c) product customization, (d) order fulfillment, (e) shipping, (f) marketing and promotional material distribution, (g) site evaluation, (h) data collection, storage, management, analysis and, where applicable, cleansing, and (i) any other services designed to assist us in maximizing our business potential. these third parties may have access to this site’s user information, including pii, to the extent it is needed to perform their duties and functions.
company never shares your fingerprint(s) with any third parties under any circumstances.
company’s security: we may release information about our users, including pii, when legally required to do so, at the request of governmental authorities conducting an investigation, or to verify or enforce compliance with the policies governing our site and applicable laws. we may also disclose such user information whenever we believe disclosure is necessary to protect the rights, property or safety of the company or any of our respective affiliates, business partners, customers or others. company never shares your fingerprint(s) with the governmental authorities.
aggregate information: we may disclose non-identifying, aggregated user statistics to third parties for a variety of purposes, including describing our services to prospective partners and other third parties. examples of such non-personal information include the number of users who visited this site during a specific time period or purchased a specific product through this site.
corporate change: in addition, we reserve the right to disclose, share and/or otherwise transfer user information, including without limitation pii, in connection with a corporate merger, acquisition, consolidation, the sale of a portion of our business or the sale of substantially all of company’s assets, or other fundamental corporate change, whatever form it may take. you will be notified via email or prominent notice on our site prior to a change of ownership or control of your personal information, if your personal information will be used contrary to this policy. for clarification and the removal of doubt, a company specifically reserves the right to transfer or share a copy of personally identifiable information collected pursuant to this privacy policy from this web site, off-line or otherwise, to the buyer of that portion of its business relating to that information.
what steps are taken to keep personal information secure?
we use a security protocol that is common in the industry for encrypting sensitive information and personal information that we collect. if you place an order through this site, you will be asked to set up an account and provide an email address and password. you must provide an appropriate email address and password in order to access account information. in order to help protect your personal information further, you should be careful about providing your password to others. if you wish to cancel a password, or if you become aware of any loss, theft or unauthorized use of a password, please contact our customer service department by email at hello@shaleeka.id
we strive to ensure the security of your pii on our systems, including limiting access to the pii contained on our servers. whenever you give company sensitive or confidential information, that information is transmitted through a secure connection with your web browser. unfortunately, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable and no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. company cannot guarantee that unauthorized access, hacking, data loss, or other breaches will never occur. we cannot and do not ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to the company and you do so at your own risk.
even though you leave your fingerprints at public places like buses, trains etc, we take special care in handling your fingerprint. your fingerprint collection card is always returned to you and no digital or physical copies of your fingerprints are retained in company systems. we do not upload or store your fingerprint on any internet connected device. we might upload your fingerprint on a computer disconnected from the internet, to expand and/or print to create the identity handbags or other products offered by the company.
how can i access, correct and update personal information?
you can access, correct and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by clicking on “manage your account” within the help desk area of this site.
your choices/unsubscribe
you will have an opportunity to unsubscribe from receiving promotional material from this site by clicking on an “unsubscribe” hyperlink contained in promotional emails we send you. additionally, you may email us at hello@shaleeka.id  , because customer lists often are prepared well in advance of an offering (sometimes a few months before the offer is made), you may continue to receive some offers after you send us a request not to use your information for specified marketing purposes. please be aware that we will process your request as quickly as we reasonably can, but it may not be possible to update our systems immediately. we appreciate your patience and understanding in giving us time to carry out your request.
even if you are removed from any such list, if you order online, we will send you an email confirming your order and may need to contact you by phone, email, or regular mail if we have questions about your order. in addition, you should be aware that it is not always possible to completely remove or delete all of your information from our databases without some residual data because of backups and other reasons.
collection in and transfer to the united states
this site is operated in the united states. if you are located in the european union, canada or elsewhere outside of the united states, please be aware that any information you provide to us will be collected in or transferred to the united states. by using our site, participating in any of our services and/or providing us with your information, you consent to this transfer.
be among the first to discover our new products and events!
instagram
facebook
twitter
services
our collection
build your own
a special gift
our story
customer care
contact
faqs
care & maintenance
legal
privacy policy
terms
returns
warranty
