servicesmobility solutionsmobile app developmententerprise mobility solutionserp/crm mobile integrationai/machine learningchatbot development ai/ml developmenttensorflow development digital marketing solutionssearch engine optimizationsocial media marketingpaid search marketing pardot consulting services hubspot consulting services marketing automation servicescrm cloud servicessalesforce consulting & development aws architecture & developmentzoho consulting & development
mobility solutions
ai/machine learning
digital marketing solutions
crm cloud services
enterprise solutions robotic process automation (rpa)custom web developmententerprise searchtravel portal developmenterp integrationjob portal developmentproperty management
portfolio
blog
companyhow we workaboutteamvision & missionwhy signity?life @ signityjobs @ signitybecome a partner
privacy policy for signity solutions
at signity solutions, accessible from https://www.signitysolutions.com/, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. this privacy policy document contains types of information that are collected and recorded by signity solutions and how we use it.
if you have additional questions or require more information about our privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact us through email at [email protected]
log files
signity solutions follows a standard procedure of using log files. these files log visitors when they visit websites. all hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. the information collected by log files includes internet protocol (ip) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (isp), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. these are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. the purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information.
cookies and web beacons
like any other website, signity solutions uses 'cookies'. these cookies are used to store information including visitors' preferences, and the pages on the website that the visitor accessed or visited. the information is used to optimize the users' experience by customizing our web page content based on visitors' browser type and/or other information.
our advertising partners
some of the advertisers on our site may use cookies and web beacons. our advertising partners are listed below. each of our advertising partners has their own privacy policy for their policies on user data. for easier access, we hyperlinked to their privacy policies below.
googlehttps://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
google
https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads
privacy policies
you may consult this list to find the privacy policy for each of the advertising partners of signity solutions. our privacy policy was created with the help of theprivacy policy generator.
third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, javascript, or web beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on signity solutions, which are sent directly to users' browser. they automatically receive your ip address when this occurs. these technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
note that signity solutions has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
third party privacy policies
signity solutions' privacy policy does not apply to other advertisers or websites. thus, we are advising you to consult the respective privacy policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. it may include their practices and instructions about how to opt-out of certain options. you may find a complete list of these privacy policies and their links here: privacy policy links.
you can choose to disable cookies through your individual browser options. to know more detailed information about cookie management with specific web browsers, it can be found at the browsers' respective websites. what are cookies?
third party cookies
we use third-party cookies along with facebook, linkedin, and google's pixels to get a better understanding of our marketing efforts.
children's information
another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. we encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
signity solutions does not knowingly collect any personal identifiable information from children under the age of 13. if you think that your child provided this kind of information on our website, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
online privacy policy only
this privacy policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our website with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in signity solutions. this policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
consent
by using our website, you hereby consent to our privacy policy and agree to its terms and conditions.
our global workspaces
india hq
netsmartz house,  3rd floor, plot #10, rajiv gandhi it park,  chandigarh 160101  +91-172-465-0448
new zealand
14049, 35 george street, kingsland auckland 1024.  +64 22 111 0002
usa
762 green st, suite 1-r,  iselin, nj 08830  +1-619-309-4653
drop us an e-mail at [email protected]
quick links
portfolio
about us
blog
contact us
your team in india
services
mobility solutions
ai/machine learning
crm cloud services
digital marketing solutions
robotic process automation (rpa)
event app development
enterprise solutions
enterprise search
travel portal development
erp integration
job portal development
property management
custom web development
company
how we work
team
vision & mission
why signity?
life @ signity
jobs @ signity
become a partner

request free consultation
762 green st, suite 1-riselin 08830new jerseyusa
netsmartz house,3rd floor, plot #10rajiv gandhi it park 160101 chandigarhindia
let's create something innovative
just a human check. what’s  6 + 9 =
