no menu assigned
privacy policy
your use of this application and the services provided by signal garden (collectively the ‘services’) indicates your acceptance of all of the provisions of this privacy policy. if you do not agree to these practices, please don’t use the services.
our promise to you
we appreciate the trust you place in us and would not want to jeopardize your trust in any way. we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting the security of your personal information.
what information does signal garden collect?
as part of providing you with our services, we obtain personal information about you, including, for example, your name, address, email address, and phone number.
online inquiries
when you submit an inquiry via the services, we may ask you to provide your first and last names, as well as contact information such as your telephone number, email address, and physical address, among other items as they are relevant to the services. we collect these items for the purpose of communicating with you and ensuring that we can efficiently bill you for the services.
correspondence
if you email us, we may gather your emails into a file to better assist with resolving the issue you have emailed us about. we may also make note of phone calls or other types of correspondence in the same file for the same purpose.
images stored
if you submit your images to us, we may collect personal information depicted in the imagery you submit. we do use this information in aggregated form for analytics and machine learning, but we will not use the images to identify your personal information. we do not use this incidental information for any other purpose, but this information may be publicly displayed if you choose to display the underlying imagery publicly through the services.
url, ip addresses, device information, and frequency of use
we may collect and use this information to improve our services and optimize your personal experience. for example, based on the data collected, we may be able to make your next visit more tailored by enabling the services to call you by name when you next return to use them.
cookies
cookies are tiny pieces of text your web browser stores when you visit a website so that website will recognize you the next time your visit, to effect behaviors like auto-filling your log-in information. we use cookies not only to improve your experience, but also to improve our services. cookies allow us to strategically analyze our services, to improve content and delivery of services, and to customize our services content and layout. if you’d like to delete cookies or tell your web browser to refuse them, visit the help pages of your web browser. note, however, that if you delete or refuse cookies, you may not be able to fully utilize the features of our services. you can learn more about cookies at allaboutcookies, www.allaboutcookies.org.
how does signal garden use my information?
our primary goal in collecting personal information from you is to facilitate efficient transactions, to carry out our obligations to you arising from any contracts entered into between you and us, to improve our services, and to provide you with information regarding changes to our services and about other relevant products and services. rest assured that we will not rent or sell your personal information to anyone.
what information does signal garden share?
signal garden will not share, rent, or otherwise disclose your personal information without your permission except for the following circumstances: (i) to our third party contractors who are performing services on our behalf; or (ii) to complete or confirm a transaction that you conduct with us. we require any third party contractor to use or disclose your personal information only as necessary to perform services for us in a manner consistent with this privacy policy or as otherwise required by law. additionally, we may be legally obligated to disclose personal information to the government or other third parties in certain circumstances, in the event of suspected illegal activity in connection with our services, or to respond to a request for information authorized by the law. we reserve the right to release information that we collect to law enforcement or other government officials, as we, in our sole discretion, deem necessary or appropriate.
is my information secure?
we take commercially reasonable steps designed to protect data collected through the services and your personal information. note that our services run on software, hardware, and networks, any component of which may occasionally require updates, maintenance, or repair and which may experience problems or breaches of security beyond our control.
what are the policies of third-party websites, apps, or services?
this privacy policy only addresses the use and disclosure of personal information collected from you by signal garden. you should be aware that when you are using the services, you may also use or be directed to other websites, applications or services of third parties that are beyond our control. signal garden is not responsible for the privacy practices of third parties or the content of their websites, applications, or services. we encourage you to read the posted privacy policy whenever interacting with any third party website, application, or service.
changes in signal garden privacy policy
signal garden periodically reviews its policies. we reserve the right to amend them. if we amend this privacy policy, we will continue our commitment to keep your personal information secure. we will notify you of any changes before they take effect.
how am i updated on signal garden’s privacy policy?
as business conditions change, we will update this policy to reflect changes in our business practices. we will post revisions to our policy on our web site or within our applications.
contact us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, or need to reach us for any other reason, you may contact us by e-mail at [email protected]
© 2022 signal garden.
