products & platformsproducts &platformsplatformhardwaresoftwaresecurityecosystemsservicesplatformconnectivity platform                hardware, software and tools                            conquer common development challenges with our platform            iot lifecycle management                from design to decommission                            partner with us for your devices' entire lifecycle            how to buy                easily purchase                            buy directly from us or a trusted distributor            resourcestechnical library                                            data sheets, app notes, & moresoftware documentation                                            development kits                                            quality information                                            community                                            user forums & knowledge basehardwarewireless connectivitybluetooth                                            matter                                            multiprotocol                                            proprietary                                            thread                                            wi-fi                                            wi-sun                                            xpress                                            z-wave                                            zigbee                                            all wirelessmicrocontrollers8-bit mcu                                            32-bit mcu                                            other hardwaresensors                                            interface                                            power management ics                                            all productsdivested productsbroadcast                                            isolation                                            timing                                            resourcestechnical library                                            data sheets, app notes, & moresoftware documentation                                            development kits                                            cad/cae schematic footprints & symbols                                            simplicity studio & other software                                            quality & environment                                            community                                            user forums & knowledge basesoftwaresoftware & tools by partfeatured tool                simplicity studio 5                            fast track iot development            wireless softwarebluetooth                                            matter                                            multiprotocol                                            proprietary                                            thread                                            wi-fi                                            wi-sun                                            xpress                                            z-wave                                            zigbee                                            mobile applicationsefr connect                                            bluetooth mesh                                            xpress                                            gatewaysunify sdk                                            z-wave controller sdk                                            additional softwaremachine learning                                            all sdks                                            mcus                                            interface                                            rtos                                            resourcesdeveloper center                                            software documentation                                            release notes                                            technical library                                            product security                                            development tools                                            github                                            securitysecurity overview                fundamentals of iot security                            discover how to address evolving security threats            secure vault                industry-leading security suite                            secure your devices throughout their lifecycle            accreditations                third party endorsements                            learn about our security accreditations and recognition            report a vulnerability                product security incidents                            report security issues found with our products            ecosystemsecosytems                ecosystems that define the iot                            acceletate your iot business with the world's most popular ecosystems            ecosystem partner                amazon sidewalk                            extend iot device range with amazon sidewalk            event                register now for works with virtual 2022: where innovation meets implementation            servicescpms                 custom part manufacturing services                            secure provisioning services to customize your parts            ltsss                long term sdk support services                            maintain robust security and up-to-date software and device certifications for up to 10 years
platform
hardware
software
security
ecosystems
services
platform
hardware
software
security
ecosystems
services
applicationsapplicationssmart citiesindustrial iotsmart retailsmart homeconnected healthenabling technologiessmart citiessmart citiesbattery storage                                            ev charging stations                                            smart metering                                            solar panels                                            street lighting                                            all smart citiesevent                register now for works with virtual 2022: where innovation meets implementation            case study                smart connected street lighting in brazil            industrial iotindustrial iotaccess control                                            circuit breakers                                            commercial lighting                                            electric submetering                                            human machine interface                                            hvac                                            predictive maintenance                                            all industrial iotwhitepaper                low-power wi-fi for industrial iot connectivity            event                register now for works with virtual 2022: where innovation meets implementation            smart retailsmart retailcommercial lighting                                            direction finding                                            electronic shelf labels                                            loss prevention                                            all retailevent                register now for works with virtual 2022: where innovation meets implementation            case study                electronic shelf label technology improves retail efficiency            smart homesmart homedoor locks                                            led bulbs                                            sensors                                            switches                                            all smart homeevent                register now for works with virtual 2022: where innovation meets implementation            webinar                matter - how to go from smart home silos to one unified wireless ecosystem            connected healthconnected healthportable medical devices                                            smart hospitals                                            all connected healthevent                register now for works with virtual 2022: where innovation meets implementation            on-demand webinar                how iot transforms hospitals into operationally aware facilities            whitepaper                the future of wi-fi in low-power iot devices            enabling technologiestell me about...the iot                                            security                                            artificial intelligence/machine learning                                            multiprotocol                                            event                register now for works with virtual 2022: where innovation meets implementation            case study                bluetooth car seat sensor increases safety
smart cities
industrial iot
smart retail
smart home
connected health
enabling technologies
smart cities
industrial iot
smart retail
smart home
connected health
enabling technologies
partnerspartnerspartnersalliances                                            channel & distribution                                            design partners                                            ecosystems                                            technology partners                                            all partnersevent                register now for works with virtual 2022: where innovation meets implementation            customers                our customers                            your decades-long partner in iot development            featured partners                partner search                            access to our pre-screened, qualified and certified third-party design service companies.
learn & supportlearn &supportsupportcommunity                                            technical library                                            quality & packaging                                            submit a ticket                                            webinars                                            whitepapers                                            all supportdeveloperssoftware documentation                                            release notes                                            development tools                                            product security                                            github                                            product trainingwireless                                            mcu                                            all training                                            industry trainingworks with conference                                            smart home                                            smart cities                                            smart industry
companycompanyoverviewour story                                            mission                                            values                                            achievements                                            corporate responsibility                                            contact uspeoplecareers                                            culture                                            diversity, equity & inclusion                                            leadership                                            financialsenvironmental, social & governance                                            investor & analyst relations                                            reports                                            news & eventsblog                                            events                                            press room                                            works with 2022
english
简体中文
日本語
privacy notice
effective august 25, 2020
information we collect  |  purpose of use  |  how we disclose  |  legal basis  |  data retention & security  |  data rights  |  cross-border transfers  |  ccpa notice  |  changes  |  contact us
silicon laboratories inc. (“silicon labs”) values your privacy. in this privacy notice (“notice”), we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our website https://www.silabs.com/ (the “site”), users of the services available through our site or otherwise put forth by silicon labs (the “services”), and the information that we collect from our customers and visitors. please read this notice carefully. by using our site or the services available through them, you acknowledge and consent to the practices described in this notice. your use of our site and the services available to them are subject to our terms of use and this privacy notice is incorporated into and made a part of our terms of use.
the information that we collect is controlled by silicon laboratories, inc., which is headquartered in the united states at 400 west cesar chavez street, austin, texas 78701.
information we collect through the site
many areas of our site require you to sign in or register for an account, during which we will ask for your name, email, country, state and telephone number. as a registered user on our site, we also collect your ip address, use geolocation services (with your permission) and collect information on how you use our site.
as a non-registered user, you are able to browse the site but may not have full access to certain areas of our website. for both registered and non-registered users, we collect information about your website behavior, such as the web pages you view; links you click; your ip address; the length of time you visit our website and or use our services; and the referring url, or the webpage that led you to our site. we do not associate non-registered users’ website behavior with personal information, such as your name or email address, but we do aggregate your activities on our site with all other non-registered users’ website behavioral data. please see our cookie policy for additional information on how we collect this information.

information we collect about customers
we collect information about our customers, including prospective customers, and their employees when they make an inquiry, purchase our products, request support, and through administering our customer contracts. we collect this information both directly from our customers and from our third-party distribution partners who sell our products. the personal data that we collect about our customers and prospective customers includes names, company name, email addresses, business contact information, and purchase history. if a customer registers to use the services available on our site, we associate the information about their website usage with their personal data.

information we collect about visitors
we collect basic information about our visitors when they request to enter a silicon labs facility, including its subsidiaries and affiliates. we collect this information directly from our visitors. the personal data that we collect about our visitors includes names, company name, email addresses, phone number and may also include other information relevant to ensure the health and safety of the facility.
purpose of use of personal information
we use the information we collect for the following purposes:
to provide our services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our services, to respond to your inquiries, to fulfill your orders, and for other customer service purposes.
to tailor the content and information that we may send or display to you, to offer location customization, and personalized help and instructions, and to otherwise personalize your experiences while using the site or our services.
for marketing and promotional purposes, as permitted by local law. for example, we may use your information, such as your email address, to send you news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions, or to otherwise contact you about products or information we think may interest you. if you no longer want to receive email communication from us, you can update your preferences.
to better understand how users access and use our site and services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our site and services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
to ensure the health and safety of our facilities and the people and items within, and the security of confidential information located in or accessible from the company’s facilities to prevent loss, fraud, theft, injuries, terrorism, and other events of such kind.
to comply with our legal obligations, to protect our rights and interests, such as to resolve any disputes, enforce our terms of service, or to respond to legal process.
how we disclose your personal information
we do not sell personal information to third parties. we may share your information, including personal information, as follows:
affiliates: we may disclose the information we collect from you to our affiliates or subsidiaries for the purposes described in this notice, including to market their products and services to you; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this notice.
service providers: we may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
distributor partners: we may share customer information with our third-party distributors in order to provide customer service or to help market our products and services.
business transfers: if we are or may be acquired by or merged with another company, if any of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
in response to legal process: we also may disclose the information we collect from you in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a court order or a subpoena.
to protect us and others: we also may disclose the information we collect from you where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our terms of use or this notice, or as evidence in litigation in which silicon labs is involved.
aggregate and de-identified information: we may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes, such as researching how website visitors use our website.
legal basis for processing your personal information
we will only collect, use, and share your personal information where we are satisfied that we have an appropriate legal basis to do this. this may be because:
you have provided your consent to us using the personal information (for example in relation to our electronic direct marketing activities);
our use of your personal information is in our legitimate interest as a commercial organization (for example in order to make improvements to our products and services and to provide you with information you request); you have a right to object to processing as explained in the section below titled your legal rights;
our use of your personal information is necessary to perform a contract or take steps to enter into a contract with you (for example where we use your contact and demographic information required to provide you with a service or product); and/or
our use of your personal information is necessary to comply with a relevant legal or regulatory obligation that we have (where we are required to disclose personal information to a court or tax authority).
if you would like to find out more about the legal bases on which we process personal information, please contact us using the details below.
data retention and security
we retain your information as required by law and/or other governing regulations but in no cases greater than 7 years from your last interaction with us.
silicon labs has implemented physical, technical, and administrative safeguards to protect personal information from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alternation, or destruction. for example, electronically stored personal information is stored on a secure network with firewall protection, and access to silicon labs electronic information systems requires user authentication via password or similar means. despite these precautions, no data security safeguards guarantee 100% security all the time.
your legal rights
under applicable data protection laws, subject to certain exemptions, and in some cases dependent upon the processing activity we are undertaking, you have certain rights regarding your personal information, which may include the right to:
request information and access to personal information
gdpr and ccpa provides individuals with the right to access their personal data in order to review, correct, or amend their information collected by silicon labs. individuals also may have the right to request deletion of their information collected by silicon labs but this right may be subject to certain exceptions within gdpr and ccpa. we will work to resolve your request within 30 days of receipt. to complete a request, simply fill out the form.
restrict the processing of your personal information
you can ask us to restrict your personal information, but only where:
its accuracy is contested, to allow us to verify its accuracy; or
the processing is unlawful, but you do not want it erased; or
it is no longer needed for the purposes for which it was collected, but we still need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or
you have exercised the right to object, and verification of overriding grounds is pending.
we can continue to use your personal information following a request for restriction:
where we have your consent; or
to establish, exercise, or defend legal claims; or
to protect the rights of another natural or legal person.
transfer your personal information
you can ask us to provide your personal information to you in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format, or you can ask to have it transferred directly to another data controller, but in each case only where:
the processing is based on your consent or on the performance of a contract with you; and
the processing is carried out by automated means.
object to the processing of your personal information
you can object to any processing of your personal information which has our legitimate interests as its legal basis, if you believe your fundamental rights and freedoms outweigh our legitimate interests. if you raise an objection, we have an opportunity to demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate interests which override your rights and freedoms.
object to how we use your personal information for direct marketing purposes
you can request that we change the manner in which we contact you for marketing purposes. you can request that we not transfer your personal information to unaffiliated third parties for the purposes of direct marketing or any other purposes. if you would like silicon labs to stop sending promotional communications to your email address, you may opt out of receiving them by following the "unsubscribe" instructions at the bottom of each communication. you may opt out of the use of your information for analytics by following the steps detailed in our cookie policy.
obtain a copy of personal information safeguards used for transfers outside your jurisdiction
you can ask to obtain a copy of, or reference to, the safeguards under which your personal information is transferred outside of the european union. we may redact data transfer agreements to protect commercial terms. for information about our privacy shield certification, please see our privacy shield notice or visit www.privacyshield.gov.
lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority
you have a right to lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority if you have concerns about how we are processing your personal information. we ask that you please attempt to resolve any issues with us first, although you have a right to contact your supervisory authority at any time. if you would like to exercise any of the rights described above, please send us a request at the address or email provided in the contact us section below. in your message, please indicate the right you would like to exercise and the information that you would like to access, review, correct, or delete. we may ask you for additional information to confirm your identity and for security purposes, before disclosing the personal information requested to you. we reserve the right to charge a fee where permitted by law, for instance if your request is manifestly unfounded or excessive. subject to legal and other permissible considerations, we will make every reasonable effort to honour your request promptly or inform you if we require further information in order to fulfill your request. we may not always be able to fully address your request, for example, if it would impact the duty of confidentiality we owe to others, or if we are legally entitled to deal with the request in a different way.
cross-border transfer of information
silicon labs generally maintains servers and systems in the united states hosted by third-party service providers. we also may subcontract the processing of your data to, or otherwise share your data with, other third parties in the united states or countries other than your country of residence. as a result, where the personal information that we collect through or in connection with the site or in providing services to our customers is transferred to and processed in the united states or anywhere else outside the european economic area (eea) for the purposes described above, we will take steps to ensure that the information receives the same level of protection as if it remained within the eea, including entering into data transfer agreements, using the eu commission approved standard contractual clauses, or by relying on certification schemes such as the eu - us privacy shield. you may have a right to details of the mechanisms under which your data is transferred outside the eea. for information on our eu-us and swiss-us privacy shield certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov or see our privacy shield notice.
ccpa notice
pursuant to the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa), california residents have specific rights regarding their personal information as described below. this privacy notice for california residents supplements the information contained in the privacy notice of silicon labs and applies solely to all visitors, users, and others who reside in the state of california (“consumers” or “you”). we adopt this notice to comply with the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa) and any terms defined in the ccpa have the same meaning when used in this notice.
collection of personal information: we collect the following categories of personal information about california consumers:
identifiers such as name, alias, postal address, online identifier, ip address, email address, account name, or other similar identifiers
categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of section 1798.80
commercial information
internet or other electronic network activity information
geolocation data
professional or employment-related information,
inferences drawn about you and other categories of personal information that relate to, describe or are reasonably capable of being associated with you.
for examples of the precise data points we collect and the sources from which we collect this personal information, please see the sections “information we collect through the site” and “information we collect about customers” in our privacy notice. we will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated, or incompatible purposes without providing you notice.
use of personal information: we collect personal information for the business and commercial purposes described in "purpose of use of personal information” of our privacy notice.
disclosure of personal information: we may disclose your personal information to a third party for a business purpose. we do not sell personal information to third parties. when we disclose personal information for a business purpose, we enter a contract that describes the purpose and requires the recipient to both keep that personal information confidential and not use it for any purpose except performing the contract. we may share your personal information with third parties as described in the “how we disclose your personal information” section of our privacy notice. we use nextroll to provide interest-based advertising. you can learn more about their ccpa compliance at https://www.nextroll.com/privacy#service-13.
your ccpa rights: subject to certain limitations, you have the right to request (1) more information about the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected, used, sold and disclosed about you, and (2) deletion of your personal information. we will not discriminate against you if you exercise your rights under the ccpa.
you may make these requests by filling out this form or by calling 844-916-1326. once we receive your request, we will verify it by asking you to provide certain information, such as identifiers like your email address and phone number. if you would like to use an authorized agent registered with the california secretary of state to exercise your rights, we may request evidence that you have provided such agent with power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests on your behalf.
california shine the light law
silicon labs does not share personal information with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes without your prior consent. accordingly, you can prevent disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes by withholding consent.
changes
we reserve the right to change this notice at any time. we recommend that you periodically review this notice to learn of any changes and stay informed regarding our current practices. when you visit or use our sites, services, or tools, you are accepting the current version of this notice. this notice supersedes all previous versions.
contact us
if you have any queries regarding this notice, please contact our privacy officer by e-mail at dataprotection@silabs.com.
rev.2022.05.16
about us
careers
community
contact us
cookies
corporate responsibility
investor relations
press room
privacy and terms
site feedback
security terminology
secure vault™
smart hospitals
your file will start downloading shortly
thank you for downloading .
if you have any issues downloading, please contact sales support or product technical support.
please select at least one column.
