meet tally 3.0, the most advanced autonomous inventory robot
privacy policy
simbe robotics, inc. (“simbe”, or “we”) operates several websites and services (“service”) including www.simberobotics.com. it is simbe robotics’ policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our service.
website visitorslike most companies, simbe robotics  collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. simbe robotics’  purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how simbe robotics’ visitors use its website. simbe robotics may also collect potentially personally-identifying information, such as internet protocol (ip), to improve its service.
gathering of personally-identifying informationcertain visitors to simbe robotics’ websites choose to interact with simbe robotics in ways that require simbe to gather personally-identifying information. the amount and type of information that simbe gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. those who engage with simbe robotics service are asked to provide information, including as necessary company and contact information required to provide the service.
aggregated statisticssimbe may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its websites, behavior of users with our service, as well as aggregated statistics on information processed via our service.
protection of sensitive informationsimbe discloses sensitive, personally-identifying and personally-identifying information only to those of its employees, contractors and affiliated organizations that (i) need to know that information in order to process it on simbe’s behalf or to provide services available at simbe’s websites, and (ii) that have agreed not to disclose it to others.
some of those employees, contractors and affiliated organizations may be located outside of your home country; by using simbe’s  websites, you consent to the transfer of such information to them. we may share or make available anonymous or aggregate information that cannot be used to identify you with (i) organizations that conduct research into businesses metrics; and (ii) users of our services for purposes of comparison of their personal financial situation relative to the broader community.
we reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to share or disclose your personal information with law enforcement, government officials, and other regulatory agencies.
simbe takes all measures reasonably necessary to protect against the unauthorized access, use, alteration or destruction of sensitive, potentially personally-identifying and personally-identifying information.
cookiesa cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. simbe uses cookies to help simbe identify and track visitors, their usage of simbe’s website, and their website access preferences. simbe’s visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using simbe’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of simbe’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
external linksthe service may contain links to various websites that simbe does not control. when you click on one of these links, you will no longer be transacting business through simbe. third party websites maintain their own privacy policies, and we do not exercise any control over any of the third party websites that may be linked to simbe. if you visit a website that is linked to simbe, you should consult that website’s privacy policy before providing any personal information. please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other websites, and we are not liable for their misuse of personal information about you.
business transfersif simbe, or substantially all of its assets, were acquired, or in the event that simbe goes out of business or enters bankruptcy, user information would be one of the assets that is transferred or acquired by a third party. you acknowledge that such transfers may occur, and that any acquirer of simbe may continue to use your personal information as set forth in this policy.
a special note about childrenchildren are not eligible to use the site, and we ask that minors (children under the age of 13) not submit any personal information to us. if you are a minor, you can use the service only in conjunction with your parents or guardians.
changes to this privacy policyalthough most changes are likely to be minor, simbe may change its privacy policy from time to time, and in simbe’s sole discretion. simbe encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its privacy policy. your continued use of this site and our service after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
contacting simbeif you have any questions, comments or concerns regarding this privacy policy, please contact us at support@simberobotics.com
