(800)894-4896
request a quote
my accountmy accountcartcheckout
my account
cart
checkout
about usoverviewour historycommitment to qualityglossaryjit programcase studiesapplicationsour processmaterialsblogfaqs
overview
our history
commitment to quality
glossary
jit program
case studies
applications
our process
materials
blog
faqs
custom springscompression springsextension springsflat springstorsion springswire formsretaining ringsadditional springs
compression springs
extension springs
flat springs
torsion springs
wire forms
retaining rings
additional springs
stock springs
markets
blog
search for:
cart0
home
privacy policy

order springs onlinebrowse catalog
browse catalog
privacy policy
our commitment to privacy
your privacy is important to us. to better protect your privacy we provide this notice explaining our online information practices and the choices you can make about the way your information is collected and used. to make this notice easy to find, we make it available on our homepage and at every point where personally identifiable information may be requested.
the information we collect:
this notice applies to all information collected or submitted on the hardware products’ website. on some pages, you can order products, make requests, and register to receive materials.
on some pages, you can submit information about other people. for example, if you order a gift online and want it sent directly to the recipient, you will need to submit the recipient’s address.
we use the information you provide about yourself when placing an order only to complete that order. we do not share this information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to complete that order.
we use return email addresses to answer the email we receive. such addresses are not used for any other purpose and are not shared with outside parties.
you can register with our website if you would like to receive our catalog as well as updates on our new products and services. information you submit on our website will not be used for this purpose unless you fill out the registration form.
we use non-identifying and aggregate information to better design our website and to share with advertisers. for example, we may tell an advertiser that x number of individuals visited a certain area on our website, or that y number of men and z number of women filled out our registration form, but we would not disclose anything that could be used to identify those individuals.
finally, we never use or share the personally identifiable information provided to us online in ways unrelated to the ones described above without also providing you an opportunity to opt-out or otherwise prohibit such unrelated uses.
our commitment to data security:
to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
how to contact us:
should you have other questions or concerns about these privacy policies, please call us at (617) 884-9410 or send us an email at orderdesk@hardwareproducts.com.
hardware products
191 williams street chelsea, ma 02150
ph: (800) 894-4896
fax: (800) 890-9410
email: sales@hardwareproducts.com

privacy policy
conditions of sale
sitemap
custom designed springs
compression springs
extension springs
flat springs
torsion springs
wire forms
retaining rings
additional springs




