nuvla.iooverviewmarketplacepricingsecurity
case studiesoverviewcritical infrastructure: smart edge & cloud for critical infrastructureoutpost: rapid infrastructure for remote areasretail: in-store (real-time) analyticsaerospace: big data at the edge and in the cloud for aerospace
softwarenuvlabox: software that turns your hardware into a smart edge devicenuvla: the open source software behind nuvla.io
mediaoverviewnewsvideosblog
aboutabout uscontactcustomerspartnersr&djobsterms
sign in
free trial
free demo
sixsq approach to privacy
this privacy license applies to nuvla.io and all sixsq websites and services.
terms
overview
app license
privacy
cookie notice
nuvla.io terms
history
1. who are we?
the software, products and services made available to you are provided by sixsq sa (sixsq) located at: sixsq, route de meyrin, 267, 1217, meyrin, geneva, switzerland.
sixsq is the data controller which collects your personal information, thus deciding (upon your consent) how that data is processed and for what purposes.
1.1. contacts
1.1.1. address
global headquarters:sixsq route de meyrin, 267 1217, meyrin geneva, switzerland
1.1.2. contact information
email: sixsq support: support@sixsq.com sixsq info: info@sixsq.com
homepage: sixsq
2. what personal data do we collect from you?
during the process of registration for our services and products, we may collect personal and unique information which can be used to identify you, such as your:
email address
name
organisation
and any other information that you might willingly share when you authenticate via a social media provider or identity provider.
we may also ask you to provide further information in order to invoice you electronically for our services. sixsq uses the stripe payment service for this. this data is not held by sixsq, but transferred to stripe. this information can include:
email
name
credit card details
please refer to stripe’s privacy policies for additional information.
our services may also use the intercom online service to provide customer support and in-app chat and communication. intercom receives the following information from us:
email
status of trial
key events (e.g. first deployment, first application creation, first nuvlabox registration)
approximate location
please refer to intercom’s privacy policies for additional information.
sixsq uses stripe and intercom to provide a better service to its users. none of the above information shall be used for purposes beyond the service provided to sixsq by these third party vendors.
the processing of personal data is governed by the general data protection regulation (eu) 2016/679 (gdpr).
3. how will we use your personal data?
the personal data we collect from you is mostly used to identify you as a user/customer of our products and services (authentication and authorisation). your personal data (for example email) might also be used to communicate important matters related to your usage and general status (like billing, service maintenances, etc.) of the products and services you’ve registered for.
your personal data might also be used to link your user account with third party service providers, such as docker registries.
any other personal data processing purposes other than the ones described in this notice will be preceded by a new data processing notice, asking for your consent.
3.1. access to personal data
sixsq only reserves the rights to manage your personal data, it being entirely owned by you.
if at any time you wish to be provided with a copy of all the information we have about you, you have the right to request it using the contact information provided in section 1.
3.2. data retention
personal data can be completely erased on request. other retention policies include removing personal data of inactive users after a period of 24 months.
3.3. data integrity
as a data controller, sixsq complies with gdpr when it comes to:
protecting personal information from loss, misuse and unauthorised access;
storing, managing and deleting personal data;
maintaining full transparency between the data we hold and the user;
keeping personal data up to date.
data integrity is enforced by the implementation of iso27001 controls.
3.4. sharing
personal data is not transferred to any 3rd parties unless:
consent has been given by the user, or
mandated by the service provider for enabling access to its service on its behalf;
the 3rd party has undertaken similar duties considered sufficient under the data protection law applicable to the service provider.
3.5. lawfulness of processing (according to article 6 of the gdpr)
lawful processing of your personal data is ensured by applying the following:
“the data subject has given consent to the processing of his or her personal data for one or more specific purposes”;
no special categories of personal data (article 9 of the gdpr) are processed by sixsq.
where do we keep your personal data?
all personal data is kept within eu and swiss data centres and might be moved between data centres residing in other countries also within the eu and switzerland.
4. applicability
independently of the existing relations with third-party partners and references to other websites, this privacy notice only applies to sixsq’s websites and web services like sixsq.com, nuvla.io and any other public pages with static content, owned by sixsq and related to our services and products. this includes the documentation website docs.nuvla.io.
5. right to forget
if you want us to delete all the private information we have collected from you, please send us an email at: support@sixsq.com.  all you private information will be deleted from our services within 7 days.
this will include us requesting that your data be also deleted from third party services (see section 2 above).
what’s next?
start your own journey to the edge with nuvla.io
start your free trial
request free demo
contacts:
info@sixsq.com
support@sixsq.com
chat widget
sixsq
route de meyrin 267
1217, meyrin, geneva
switzerland
copyright © 2022 sixsq sa. all rights reserved. sixsq, nuvla, nuvlabox are registered trademarks of sixsq sa in switzerland and other countries.
other registered trademarks are owned by their owner.
sixsq is an  ekinops company.
terms & conditions
