privacy policy
last updated: february 23, 2021
smart touch systems oü  ("us", "we", or "our") operates the vionlive mobile application (the "service").
this page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information when you use our service.
we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
we may use your personal information for providing and improving the service. by using the service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy, terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions.
information collection and use
while using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information. we do not store any personally identifiable information on our servers.
log data
when you access the service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique id, the ip address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile internet browser you use and other statistics ("log data").
in addition, we may use third party services such as facebook and dropbox that collect, monitor and analyze this type of information in order to increase our service's functionality. these third party service providers have their own privacy policies addressing how they use such information.
facebook permissions
since our services are rendered on via facebook live,  in order to use the services, you may register through your facebook account. by doing so, you provide us with all information publicly available at your facebook account (e.g., your name, profile picture or its url, friends list, social network id number/token, gender, your birthday, or age range and email address). please note that you can change the privacy settings in your facebook account at any time to limit the information provided to us.
we ask for following permissions for facebook, public_profile, email, pages_manage_posts, pages_show_list, publish_video, pages_read_engagement, live video api. we use this information to send live stream to the facebook page or on your timeline.
the details of these permission as well as facebook privacy policy can be found on following links.
facebook permissions reference
facebook data policy
facebook analytics for apps
we use facebook analytics for apps to collect usage data in our ios app. facebook analytics for apps is an analytics service provided by facebook, inc. this service is designed for mobile apps analytics and can collect various information about your phone, such as what are the users choices and preferences when they use our ios app, the duration of your videos, the type of your mobile device etc, as highlighted in the
facebook analytics for apps overview.
compliance with laws
we will disclose your personal information where required to do so by law or subpoena or if we believe that such action is necessary to comply with the law and the reasonable requests of law enforcement or to protect the security or integrity of our service.
business transaction
if smart touch systems oü  is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, your personal information may be transferred. we will provide notice before your personal information is transferred and becomes subject to a different privacy policy.
security
the security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
links to other sites
our service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.
we have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
children's privacy
our service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("children").
we do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your children has provided us with personal information, please contact us. if we become aware that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13 without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.
changes to this privacy policy
we may update our privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page.
you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes. changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
contact us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at info@smarttouchsystems.com.
