homecaliforniaarizona
california
arizona
servicesresidentialcommercialcustomer serviceself help videoshelp desk
residential
commercial
customer service
self help videos
help desk
about sstblog
blog
make a payment
get a quote
1-800-679-4778
what is covered in this privacy policy?
at smart systems technologies inc. (“sst”), we understand that you care about how information about you is collected, used and shared. this privacy policy describes information we may collect about you, how and why we may collect, use and share your information, and the choices you have regarding your information. as more fully described below, we collect, use and share your information to better serve you and to better serve our own business purposes. by subscribing for our services, using our website and other facilities, or by providing information to us in other ways, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy. for purposes of this privacy policy, when we use the terms “we,” “us” and “our,” or similar terms, we are referring to sst.
information collection, use and sharing
when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience. we are the sole owners of the information collected on this site. we only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. we will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
we will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization, other than as necessary to fulfill your request. unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about specials, new products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
third party disclosure
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties any personal information collected on our site
third party links
occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. our websites and mobile applications may contain links to or from third-party websites to which this privacy policy does not apply (“linked websites”). please be advised that the practices described in this privacy policy do not reflect the practices regarding information collection, use and disclosure of linked websites or the owners or operators of linked websites. your use of linked websites will be governed by the terms of use, privacy policies, and other terms, notices, and policies set forth on or referenced in those linked websites. we encourage you to be aware of when you leave our website and read the privacy policies of each website that you visit.
security
we take precautions to protect your information. when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. you can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for “https” at the beginning of the address of the web page.
while we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. the computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
your option regarding information about you, and how to exercise your options
under california law, you have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. we want to respect your wishes, and we have established processes by which you can exercise your options regarding information that we have collected from you. to exercise your options as described in this privacy statement, you may contact us in one of four ways: by telephone at +1-949-367-9375,by sending an email request to customerservice@sstsun.com, or by post at: smart systems technologies, inc., 9 goodyear, irvine, ca 92618. to effectively exercise your privacy options, you must use one of these communication methods.
this list describes the types of requests you may make to us regarding information we have collected from you:
request to know: you may ask us to furnish you with (i) the categories and specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you; (ii) the categories of sources from which we collect information about you; (iii) the business or commercial purposes for collecting information about you; and (iv) the categories of third parties with whom we share (or have shared in the prior 12 months) personal information about you.

request to delete: you may ask us to delete any personal information about you that we have collected from you and to direct our service providers to delete your personal information from their records. after verifying your request, we will comply as further described below, unless we determine that there is a lawful basis for retaining the information, including because the information is necessary to: (i) complete a transaction or perform a contract between us; (ii) ensure security; (iii) debug or repair errors; (iv) exercise a legal right; (v) comply with another law or a legal obligation; (vi) conduct research; (vii) enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with our consumer’s reasonable expectations; (viii) otherwise use the information, internally, in a lawful manner that is compatible with the context in which you provided the information.

opt-out of sale: you may request that we not sell your personal information in the future, if you wish, and we will honor your request.
we will make commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate your request within 45 days; however, we may notify you during the initial 45 day period that we will extend the timeframe by up to 45 additional days, if an extension is reasonably necessary in order to fulfill your request. we will fulfill the same request from you up to two times in any twelve-month period, but we are not able to fulfill redundant requests more frequently than that.
we will not discriminate against you because you have made a request described in this privacy statement or otherwise exercised your rights under applicable law. we may offer financial incentives or offer you a different price, level, or quality of goods or services in connection with programs that require you to disclose certain personal information, but only if you opt in to such an incentive program. if you opt in to any such incentive program, you make revoke your consent to share your personal information at any time, as described in the terms and conditions of those programs.
how will you verify my identity?
for your privacy and security, and to prevent fraud and other harmful activities, when we receive a request through one of the communication methods, we need to ensure that the person submitting the request is the person they purport to be. accordingly, we may take reasonable measures to verify the identity of the person submitting the request. verification is typically a two-step process. first, we ask you to provide identifying information when you submit a request, whether through our web form, toll-free telephone number, mail, or other approved communication method. this information will include your first name, middle name, last name, email address, shipping address and telephone number. providing accurate information that matches our records is the first step in helping us to identify the correct information, verify the validity of the request, and protect your data. in the second step of verification, we may ask you to submit evidence proving your identity. you may submit this information along with your request or after your request. the evidence we may request from you, and the degree of certainty we will be required to reach regarding your identity and the authenticity of your request, will depend upon the nature of your request, the nature of the information we have about you, and your ability to furnish information. for requests of specific pieces of personal information about a consumer, we will verify your identity to a reasonably high degree of certainty; whereas for requests to know the categories of personal information collected and used about a consumer, we will verify identity to a reasonable degree of certainty. we may ask you to submit a signed statement and a redacted copy of identifying information (such as a government-issued id), or to submit a signed, notarized statement. if we ask you to verify your identity, you must promptly cooperate with our efforts so that we can fulfill your request. if you do not comply, your request cannot be fulfilled; and if you delay in complying, the fulfillment of your request is likely to be delayed as a result.
what about requests from authorized agents?
if you submit a consumer privacy request on behalf of another person, you will be required to demonstrate your legal authority to act on behalf of that person, and we may contact you for verification purposes. for the protection of our customers, you must furnish all information requested and must demonstrate your authority to our satisfaction before we can fulfill your request.
cookies
we do not use cookies for tracking purposes.
google
google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by google’s advertising principles. they are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. google’s use of the dart cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the internet. users may opt-out of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the google ad and content network privacy policy.
we, along with third-party vendors such as google use first-party cookies (such as the google analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the doubleclick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together. we use them to compile data regarding user interactions to sell that data to interested parties. users can set preferences for how google advertises to you using the google ad settings page. alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the network advertising initiative opt out page or by using the google analytics opt out browser add on.
california online privacy protection act (caloppa)
caloppa is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. see more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0fdrbt51.dpuf
how does sst handle do not track signals?
we honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a do not track (dnt) browser mechanism is in place. we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking.
children online privacy protection act (coppa)
when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13, the children’s online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control. the federal trade commission enforces coppa, which sets forth what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online. we do not specifically market any of our products or services to children under the age of 13 years old.
fair information practices
the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. in order to be in line with fair information practices, should a data breach occur, we will notify all site users via an in-site notification within 7 business days of discovering the breach.
we also agree to the individual redress principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
can-spam act
the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations. to be in accordance with can-spam, we agree to the following:
we will not use false or misleading subject lines or email addresses in email communications;
we will identify the email/message as an advertisement in some reasonable way;
we will include the physical address of our business or site headquarters in email communications;
we will monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance if one is used;
we will honor all opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly; and
we will enable uses to easily unsubscribe from future email communications via a link included at the bottom of each email.
contacting us
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, or you wish to exercise any of the rights described in this agreement or required by law, please use the following contact information: sstun.com general info: info@sstsun.com sales info: sales@sstsun.com customer service: customerservice@sstsun.com
corporate office 9 goodyear irvine, california 92618 toll free: 800-679-4778 local: 949-367-9375 fax: 949-367-9371
changes to this privacy statement
we will review our privacy policy periodically (at least annually). we reserve the right, in our role discretion, to revise, change, or modify this privacy policy at any time. you should check this web page periodically to see if any recent changes to this privacy policy have occurred. by continuing to engage with us after this privacy statement have occurred. by continuing to engage with us after this privacy policy has been updated, you agree to the updated terms of this privacy policy. this privacy policy was lasted updated on may 12, 2020.
please fill out the form below.
name
phone
email address
interestsinterestssecurityautomationaudiocommunication
locationlocationirvine, catucson, aztempe, az
message
call our agents now:
1-800-679-4778
