home
the sparkl story
our faq's
contact
privacy & cookie policies
this privacy policy explains what information we may collect about you, how we may use it, and the steps we take to ensure that it is kept secure. we also explain your rights in respect of your personal data.
how to contact us about your personal data or this privacy policy
if you have any questions about this privacy policy or about your personal data, please email us at info@sparkl-hardseltzer.com or write to us at the following address:
information we collect and what we use it for
all personal information that we collect about you will be recorded, used, and protected by us in accordance with applicable data protection legislation and this privacy policy. we may supplement the information that you provide with other information that we obtain from our dealings with you.in broad terms, we use your data for the following purposes:
to administer and provide products and services you request or have expressed an interest in
to enable us to administer any offers/promotions which you enter into
to communicate with you in the event that any products or services you have requested are unavailable
for fraud screening and prevention purposes
for record keeping purposes
to carry out market research so that we can improve the products and services we offer
to track your activity on our digital platforms
to create an individual profile for you so that we can understand and respect your preferences
to personalise and improve your experience on our digital platforms
to personalise and/or tailor any communications that we may send you
for profiling purposes to enable us to personalise and/or tailor any marketing communications that you may consent to receive from us
when we provide you with products or services we may collect and store any personal information that you provide to us. we may, for example, keep a record of your name, address, email address, telephone number and company name.
when you register to receive marketing communications from us, fill in one of our forms (whether online or offline) or otherwise expressly provide us with your personal information, we may collect and store any personal information that you provide to us and may use it to personalise and improve your experience on our digital platforms, provide products and services you request from us, and carry out profiling and market research.
when you interact with our digital platforms, we may also automatically collect the following information about your visit. this is primarily to help us better understand how our customers use our digital platforms to enable us create better content and more relevant communications:
how you have reached our digital platform and the internet protocol (ip) address you have used
your browser type, versions and plug-ins, and your operating system
your journey through our digital platform, including which links you click on and any searches you made, how long you stayed on a page, and other page interaction information
what content you like or share
which pop up or push messages you might have seen and responded to
your subscription status
information collected in any forms you complete
we may also infer your country of location from the ip address you have used to access our digital platforms and we may analyse which marketing activity led to your taking specific action on our digital platforms (e.g. downloading the catalogue).
news, offers and opportunities from us
we want you to be the first to know about new events and promotions but we need your consent to do so. you can unsubscribe by clicking the link at the bottom of the marketing communications or writing to us at the address above.
please note, if you don’t choose to receive this information, we will be unable to keep you informed of new services, products, events or special offers that may interest you and our ability to inform you of other opportunities may be affected.
disclosure of your information
in order to provide our products and services to you or to otherwise fulfil contractual arrangements that we have with you, we may need to appoint other organisations to carry out some of the data processing activities on our behalf. these may include, for example, payment processing organisations, delivery organisations, fraud prevention and screening and credit risk management companies, and mailing houses.
we may share your data with advertising networks and/or social media platforms for the purposes of selecting and serving relevant adverts to you via those networks/platforms, and to search engine and analytics providers.
we may share your data with third parties (a) if we are under a legal or regulatory duty to do so, (b) if it is necessary to do so to enforce our terms and conditions or other contractual rights, (c) to lawfully assist the police or security services with the prevention and detection of crime or terrorist activity, (d) where such disclosure is necessary to protect the safety or security of any persons, and/or (e) otherwise as permitted under applicable law.
some of the organisations to which we may disclose your personal information are situated outside of the united kingdom and european union in countries which may not have laws that protect privacy rights as extensively as in the united kingdom. if we do transfer your personal information to other territories, we will take proper steps to ensure that your information is protected in accordance with this privacy policy.
in all instances where we disclose your information to third parties, we will ensure that your information is appropriately protected.
cookie policy
a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
the website uses server-side session cookies to store information; this allows the website to identify the user to remember certain actions when navigating around our website, such as responding to a form and user interface actions. these actions are stored securely on the server and not on the end user’s computer/device, and are designed to make the site more pleasurable to use for you.
we use google analytics to monitor our website visitors, which identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. for more information on google analytics please click here
overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
for more information regarding cookies please visit the aboutcookies.org.uk website here
links to other websites
our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
more about your information - your rights
you may correct or update your personal information at any time by emailing us at info@sparkl-hardseltzer.com. please include your name, company name, address and email address when you contact us as this helps us to ensure that we accept amendments only from the correct person. we encourage you to promptly update your personal information if it changes.
we will securely retain your information for as long as is reasonably necessary and in accordance with applicable law. if you wish to submit a request that your data be deleted, please write to us at the above address. you have the right to receive a copy of the personal information that we hold about you. please write to us at the address above if you wish to exercise this right. we may charge a small fee towards the cost of administering any request you make. the current fee is £10.00.
changes to this privacy policy
we aim to meet high standards and so our policies and procedures are constantly under review. from time to time we may change this privacy policy. accordingly we recommend that you check this page periodically in order to review the latest version.
where to make a complaint
if you have a complaint regarding any aspect of your personal data or this privacy policy, please write to us at the above address. if you are still not satisfied with the outcome of your complaint, you may write to the information commissioner’s office at the following address:information commissioner's office wycliffe house water lane wilmslow cheshire sk9 5af you can also contact the information commissioner’s office using their online form: https://ico.org.uk/global/contact-us/email/
sparkl hard seltzer+44 (0) 1588 672523info@sparkl-hardseltzer.com
copyright © 2022 sparkl hard seltzer | website by tvw | privacy & cookies | terms & conditions
