home
products and servicesoverviewstandalone productssuperflash® technology productsprocess licensedesign licensedesign servicesmembrain™ productsfoundry availabilityservices
overview
standalone products
superflash® technology productsprocess licensedesign licensedesign services
process license
design license
design services
membrain™ products
foundry availability
services
applicationsoverviewautomotivesecure smart cardsinternet of thingsartificial intelligenceindustrialconsumer
overview
automotive
secure smart cards
internet of things
artificial intelligence
industrial
consumer
aboutcorporate overvieweventspress releasesnews
corporate overview
events
press releases
news
contact us
home
privacy policy
privacy policy
privacy policysilicon storage technology inc. ("sst") respects your right to privacy.  this privacy policy explains how we collect, use, and share information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. this privacy policy sets out the information collected from you when you access www.sst.com (the "site") or when you fill in any sst-published form or other documentation on which we refer, or include a direct link, to this privacy policy.
how is your information obtained by sst and how is it used?
we receive and store information you give us. most of the information you give us is collected when you register to use the site, register for, or attend, any event we may sponsor or host, subscribe to marketing communications from us, participate in an on-line discussion, complete your customer profile, submit enquiries to us, or contact us for any reason. you may give us information such as your name, address, phone numbers, e-mail addresses, financial information, employment information, application information, ideas for new projects or applications, and your buying interests. the purposes for which we collect and use the information that you provide us include to respond to your requests,  to administer, protect, or improve our services or systems, to provide you information or materials in connection with our technologies, products, services, or events, to otherwise communicate or engage with you, or for any other use we may describe when we collect your information. it is your choice whether or not to provide us with certain information. however, you may be unable to take advantage of certain offers or features if we do not receive your information.
you may also submit technical information to sst such as designs, ideas or data, that you transmit to or post on the site (the "submission") for purposes not limited to contest participation. the submission is considered and treated by sst as non-confidential and non-proprietary. by providing the submission, you grant sst a nonexclusive, royalty-free, perpetual, irrevocable, sublicensable right to disseminate, display, use, modify, copy, adapt, and translate the submission for any purpose whatsoever, whether commercial or noncommercial, throughout the world in any media. you also grant us the right to use the name you submit in connection with your submission, if we choose. you represent and warrant in making the submission that you own or control all rights to the submission, and that use of your submission will not cause injury to any person or entity including sst. you will indemnify sst for all claims resulting from your submission.
how can i manage the information sst has about me?
you can always choose not to give sst information. you have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time.  you can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you.  the laws of some countries or states allow you to request access, correction, deletion, restriction, or other rights with respect to your personal data.
who does sst share your information with?
service providers: we may disclose your personal information to group companies or third party services providers or partners that provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of the site), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this privacy policy or notified to you when we collect your personal information.conformance with the law: we release account and other customer information when we believe it is appropriate to comply with the laws of arizona. protection of sst and others:sst will release customer information necessary to enforce or apply our website terms of use, and other agreements. sst will, at its discretion, release customer information necessary to protect the rights, property and safety of sst or others in accordance with the laws of arizona.
security
we use appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you.  the measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information.
law and jurisdiction
your visit to the site and any dispute over privacy is subject to our privacy policy and website terms of use terms which include limitation on damages and application of the law of the state of arizona, u.s.a without regard to any conflict of laws provisions. the federal and state courts of the state of arizona shall have the exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute relating to this privacy policy.
changes to our privacy policy
our privacy policy and website terms of use terms may change from time to time. check the site frequently to see recent changes. we may notify you by e-mail of such changes (unless you have told us not to). continued use of any of the site will signify that you agree to any such changes. unless we expressly state otherwise, our current privacy policy applies to all information we have about you.
legal basis for processing personal information (eea visitors only)
if you are a visitor from the european economic area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.  we will, however, normally collect personal information from you only where we have your consent to do so, where we need the personal information to perform a contract with you, or where the processing is in our legitimate interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.  in some cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
contact us
if you have any concern about our treatment of your customer information, please send us an e-mail at legal.department@microchip.com.
sitemap
sitemap
contact us
contact us
privacy policy
privacy policy
cookie policy
cookie policy
career opportunities
career opportunities




©copyright 1998-2022 microchip technology inc. all rights reserved.
