technology vendors
recent research
newsletter
media support
login
who we servefunctioncorporate strategycorporate venture capitalventure capitalcorporate innovationwells fargo success storylearn more →industriesconsumertechinsurancehealthcarefinancial services3m success storylearn more →success stories
functioncorporate strategycorporate venture capitalventure capitalcorporate innovationwells fargo success storylearn more →
corporate strategy
corporate venture capital
venture capital
corporate innovation
wells fargo success storylearn more →
wells fargo success story
learn more →
industriesconsumertechinsurancehealthcarefinancial services3m success storylearn more →
consumer
tech
insurance
healthcare
financial services
3m success storylearn more →
3m success story
learn more →
success stories
how we helpunderstand tech marketsanticipate competitor strategydetermine tech strategyconnect with tech vendors & partnersturbocharge digital transformation
understand tech markets
anticipate competitor strategy
determine tech strategy
connect with tech vendors & partners
turbocharge digital transformation
what we offerplatformoverviewmarket analytics and visualizationsteam management and collaborationtechnology search engineplatform overviewlearn more →dataresearchapi & data feedsanalyst briefingspricing
platformoverviewmarket analytics and visualizationsteam management and collaborationtechnology search engineplatform overviewlearn more →
overview
market analytics and visualizations
team management and collaboration
technology search engine
platform overviewlearn more →
platform overview
learn more →
data
research
api & data feeds
analyst briefings
pricing
about usoverviewour teamsbusiness developmentengineeringoperationsproductsee all →open jobs
overview
our teamsbusiness developmentengineeringoperationsproductsee all →
business development
engineering
operations
product
see all →
open jobs
statwig
the profile is currenly unclaimed by the seller. all information is provided by cb insights.
overview & products
financials
people
customers
founded year
stage
total raised
last raised
about statwig
statwig uses internet-of-things (iot) and blockchain technology to provide real-time tamper-proof end-to-end tracking that identifies problems and inefficiencies in any supply chain.
statwig headquarter location
t-hub, iiit gachibowli
hyderabad, 500032,
india
+91 9989348399
predict your next investment
the cb insights tech market intelligence platform analyzes millions of data points on venture capital, startups, patents , partnerships and news mentions to help you see tomorrow's opportunities, today.
research containing statwig
get data-driven expert analysis from the cb insights intelligence unit.
cb insights intelligence analysts have mentioned statwig in  1 cb insights research brief, most recently on jun 22, 2021.
jun 22, 2021
expert collections containing statwig
expert collections are analyst-curated lists that highlight the companies you need to know in the most important technology spaces.
statwig is included in 3 expert collections, including supply chain & logistics tech.
supply chain & logistics tech
3,172 items
companies offering technology-driven solutions that serve the supply chain & logistics space (e.g. shipping, inventory mgmt, last mile, trucking).
blockchain
4,212 items
companies and startups in this collection leverage blockchain technology for crypto trading, decentralized finance (defi), nfts, and more.
packaging & labeling tech
533 items
companies providing traditional and tech-enabled packaging and labeling solutions for brands.
latest statwig news
sep 21, 2021
businesswire indiabusiness wire indiathis press release has been reissued because of some updates in the original post, distributed on wednesday, september 15, 2021 10:00 am ist. when it comes to any public campaign in india, the sheer size of the population always presents its own unique challenges. the covid-19 vaccination program is no different. in addition to manufacturing problems, the indian vaccination drive has been hobbled by a lack of distribution efficiency, with oversupply to certain areas—resulting in expired doses—undersupply to others, counterfeiting, and damage during transit. but mid this year, this distribution problem was considerably smoothed out with the introduction of revolutionary technology developed by a homegrown startup,  statwig . statwig’s technology solution, called  vaccine ledger , uses artificial intelligence (ai), iot (internet of things), and blockchain-based information tracking technology to follow every vial from source to destination—during transit and at all checkpoints. a chip or barcode on the vial can be used to transfer information such as serial numbers, expiry date, storage condition data, location, price, and so on, through the internet to an open source platform where it is recorded via the blockchain in a series of openly viewable, real time updates that are also immutable and authenticated. this means that every stakeholder in the value chain already has the information they need at their fingertips; immediate preventive and corrective action can be taken where needed to reduce wastage and solve problems; and there can be no counterfeiting. by using the latest technology in information recording and storage, one catch-all application can make the supply chain more efficient, trustworthy, transparent, and authentic. what’s more: it is compatible with existing systems and takes minimal effort to implement. as a part of the unicef innovation fund portfolio, statwig began developing this tech to tackle value chain problems with perishable goods such as food products, seeing massive success with reducing wastage with every distribution cycle. since then, they have been working to reshape, redesign, and re-engineer the value chain for all products to prevent losses and maximize efficiency in the marketplace. now, with vaccine ledger, there has been great success as well. sid chakravarty, founder ceo of statwig, says: “by 2023, if we are supporting even 10–20% of the total global covid-19 vaccine volume, that would be around 1 billion doses going through our platform, a huge success for us.” in a time of vaccine shortages, we cannot afford to lose any doses if we are to beat the covid-19 pandemic. with statwig’s technology, all the decision makers along the vaccine value chain have the information they need to make sure that this is the case. advertisements
statwig web traffic
statwig rank
when was statwig founded?statwig was founded in 2016.
when was statwig founded?
statwig was founded in 2016.
where is statwig's headquarters?statwig's headquarters is located at t-hub, iiit, hyderabad.
where is statwig's headquarters?
statwig's headquarters is located at t-hub, iiit, hyderabad.
what is statwig's latest funding round?statwig's latest funding round is seed - ii.
what is statwig's latest funding round?
statwig's latest funding round is seed - ii.
how much did statwig raise?statwig raised a total of $120k.
how much did statwig raise?
statwig raised a total of $120k.
who are the investors of statwig?investors of statwig include filecoin techstars accelerator, longhash ventures, unicef innovation fund, facebook india innovation hub, lab32 and 4 more.
who are the investors of statwig?
investors of statwig include filecoin techstars accelerator, longhash ventures, unicef innovation fund, facebook india innovation hub, lab32 and 4 more.
discover the right solution for your team
the cb insights tech market intelligence platform analyzes millions of data points on vendors, products, partnerships, and patents to help your team find their next technology solution.
about
about us
contact us
how we help
understand tech markets
anticipate competitor strategy
create tech strategy
connect with tech vendors
turbocharge digital transformation
what we offer
platform
data
research overview
api & data feeds
pricing
popular research
digital health 150
fintech 250
unicorn tracker
company directory
esp market matrix directory
vc glossary
retail tech 100
terms of service
council terms and conditions
privacy policy
do not sell my info
partnership
copyright 2022 cb information services, inc. all rights reserved.
cbi websites generally use certain cookies to enable better interactions with our sites and services. use of these cookies, which may be stored on your device, permits us to improve and customize your experience. you can read more about your cookie choices at our privacy policy here. by continuing to use this site you are consenting to these choices.
