technology vendors
recent research
newsletter
media support
login
who we servefunctioncorporate strategycorporate venture capitalventure capitalcorporate innovationwells fargo success storylearn more →industriesconsumertechinsurancehealthcarefinancial services3m success storylearn more →success stories
functioncorporate strategycorporate venture capitalventure capitalcorporate innovationwells fargo success storylearn more →
corporate strategy
corporate venture capital
venture capital
corporate innovation
wells fargo success storylearn more →
wells fargo success story
learn more →
industriesconsumertechinsurancehealthcarefinancial services3m success storylearn more →
consumer
tech
insurance
healthcare
financial services
3m success storylearn more →
3m success story
learn more →
success stories
how we helpunderstand tech marketsanticipate competitor strategydetermine tech strategyconnect with tech vendors & partnersturbocharge digital transformation
understand tech markets
anticipate competitor strategy
determine tech strategy
connect with tech vendors & partners
turbocharge digital transformation
what we offerplatformoverviewmarket analytics and visualizationsteam management and collaborationtechnology search engineplatform overviewlearn more →dataresearchapi & data feedsanalyst briefingspricing
platformoverviewmarket analytics and visualizationsteam management and collaborationtechnology search engineplatform overviewlearn more →
overview
market analytics and visualizations
team management and collaboration
technology search engine
platform overviewlearn more →
platform overview
learn more →
data
research
api & data feeds
analyst briefings
pricing
about usoverviewour teamsbusiness developmentengineeringoperationsproductsee all →open jobs
overview
our teamsbusiness developmentengineeringoperationsproductsee all →
business development
engineering
operations
product
see all →
open jobs
stratoscale
the profile is currenly unclaimed by the seller. all information is provided by cb insights.
overview & products
financials
people
alternatives & competitors
customers
stage
total raised
about stratoscale
stratoscale is redefining the data center, developing a hardware-agnostic, software platform converging compute, storage and networking across the rack or data center. the self-optimizing platform automatically distributes all physical and virtual assets and workloads in real time, delivering "rack-scale economics" to data centers of all sizes with unparalleled efficiency and operational simplicity.
stratoscale headquarter location
6 galgalei haplada st.
herzliya, 46733,
israel
+972 77 556 1727
predict your next investment
the cb insights tech market intelligence platform analyzes millions of data points on venture capital, startups, patents , partnerships and news mentions to help you see tomorrow's opportunities, today.
research containing stratoscale
get data-driven expert analysis from the cb insights intelligence unit.
cb insights intelligence analysts have mentioned stratoscale in  1 cb insights research brief, most recently on apr 13, 2022.
apr 13, 2022
stratoscale patents
stratoscale has filed 25 patents.
the 3 most popular patent topics include:
parallel computing
cloud storage
computer buses
application date
grant date
title
related topics
status
1/31/2018
2/23/2021
concurrency control, data management, transaction processing, database management systems, parallel computing
grant
application date
1/31/2018
grant date
2/23/2021
title
related topics
concurrency control, data management, transaction processing, database management systems, parallel computing
status
grant
latest stratoscale news
feb 18, 2021
zadara acquires neokarm enabling msps to offer an on-demand private cloudzadara announced the acquisition of neokarm . with this acquisition, zadara obtains neokarm technology including the former stratoscale software ip, which enables msps to offer an on-demand private cloud built and fully-managed by zadara. additionally, simon grinberg, ceo for neokarm and former head of product for stratoscale, has joined zadara as the head of product. key neokarm devops and engineering personnel will also be added to the zadara roster to continue the development of the technology and drive new compute-focused innovations. the acquisition comes on the heels of zadara’s technology partnership with neokarm, which expanded the company’s cloud platform and enabled zadara to deliver turnkey production-ready aws-compatible compute-as-a-service solutions for managed service providers (msps) and enterprises. in the three months since the announcement of the partnership, zadara has deployed 20 new private compute clouds. “we believe msps of any size should be able to offer their own competitive on-demand private cloud without the large upfront capex investment traditionally required,” said nelson nahum, ceo, zadara. “the neokarm technology seamlessly integrates with our storage solution and offers a vastly improved performance for our customers and partners. i am thrilled to welcome the neokarm team to zadara.”zadara’s cloud services platform simplifies operational complexity through automated end-to-end infrastructure provisioning of compute, storage and networking resources. zadara enables service providers to upgrade their it environments, leveraging existing footprints, with a true 100% opex consumption-based private cloud. following a similar model as zadara’s industry-leading storage-as-a-service offering, the company’s cloud platform delivers superior turnkey solutions for msps with the benefits of on-demand compute and storage services anywhere, in an existing on-premises data center, in a private colocation facility, or in the cloud. by adding neokarm cloud technology, backed by stratoscale ip to its cloud platform, zadara enables aws-compatible apis, making it easy for users to utilize the same scripts to deploy applications in zadara clouds. other features and benefits include:flexible consumption model: msps can now leverage an existing data center for high-performance elastic cloud services with zero capex cost burden. avoid large investments in infrastructure, scale up or down as needed and only pay for what end-users consume. elastic compute down to a single virtual machine: offer a self-service instant-provisioning customer experience that scales down to well below the starting price and scale of competing edge solutions. edge cloud anywhere: deliver low-latency edge services leveraging your existing infrastructure. data privacy and security: includes click-to-provision options for dedicated storage resources for customers requiring physical isolation for drives and storage controller level. workload performance: deliver a familiar, fully managed, high-performance and agile x86 compatible cloud compute experience, in existing locations with zero capex or refresh costs. expert 24x7x365 services: zadara’s infrastructure spans 73 regions and 18 countries offering fully managed support from zadara’s global solution architect and devops teams. “zadara and neokarm have a shared vision of offering a competitive on-demand cloud for service providers,” said simon grinberg, ceo at neokarm. “i am excited to join the team at zadara to continue developing our seamless on-demand private cloud for providers, available at existing data centers, collocations or other cloud locations, built and fully-managed by zadara.”more about
where is stratoscale's headquarters?stratoscale's headquarters is located at 6 galgalei haplada st., herzliya.
where is stratoscale's headquarters?
stratoscale's headquarters is located at 6 galgalei haplada st., herzliya.
what is stratoscale's latest funding round?stratoscale's latest funding round is dead.
what is stratoscale's latest funding round?
stratoscale's latest funding round is dead.
how much did stratoscale raise?stratoscale raised a total of $69m.
how much did stratoscale raise?
stratoscale raised a total of $69m.
who are the investors of stratoscale?investors of stratoscale include bessemer venture partners, battery ventures, intel capital, sandisk ventures, cisco investments and 3 more.
who are the investors of stratoscale?
investors of stratoscale include bessemer venture partners, battery ventures, intel capital, sandisk ventures, cisco investments and 3 more.
who are stratoscale's competitors?competitors of stratoscale include docker and 4 more.
who are stratoscale's competitors?
competitors of stratoscale include docker and 4 more.
you may also like
d2iq, formerly mesosphere, is a provider of enterprise-grade cloud platforms that enable organizations to embrace open source and cloud native innovations while delivering smarter day 2 operations. d2iq empowers organizations to better navigate and accelerate cloud-native journeys with enterprise-grade technologies, training, professional services, and support.
docker serves the container platform market. it enables developers and it operations to build, secure and manage applications without technology or infrastructure lock in. by bringing together traditional applications and microservices built on windows, linux and mainframe under one operating model, docker’s container platform enables companies to accelerate key digital initiatives including cloud migration, application modernization and edge computing.
c3dna uniquely enables unmodified enterprise applications to be deployed, dynamically managed and delivered with qos & security across clouds using our meta-container technology that provides application mobility across virtual machines, containers and even physical servers.
rafay systems delivers a saas offering that automates lifecycle management for containerized applications. devops and sre (site reliability engineering) teams can leverage rafay to significantly reduce the complexity they face today when deploying and operating applications in kubernetes environments, resulting in faster time to market for new business capabilities.
portainer.io helps customers adopt docker container technology and accelerate time-to-value.
avesha is a technology platform that enables application workloads to seamlessly disaggregate across cloud, multi-cloud, and edge locations.
discover the right solution for your team
the cb insights tech market intelligence platform analyzes millions of data points on vendors, products, partnerships, and patents to help your team find their next technology solution.
about
about us
contact us
how we help
understand tech markets
anticipate competitor strategy
create tech strategy
connect with tech vendors
turbocharge digital transformation
what we offer
platform
data
research overview
api & data feeds
pricing
popular research
digital health 150
fintech 250
unicorn tracker
company directory
esp market matrix directory
vc glossary
retail tech 100
terms of service
council terms and conditions
privacy policy
do not sell my info
partnership
copyright 2022 cb information services, inc. all rights reserved.
cbi websites generally use certain cookies to enable better interactions with our sites and services. use of these cookies, which may be stored on your device, permits us to improve and customize your experience. you can read more about your cookie choices at our privacy policy here. by continuing to use this site you are consenting to these choices.
