drive more leads - contact us
*required fields
solutions mobile-first websitespaid searchlocal searchsearch engine optimizationsocial mediaprogrammatic display and videocomparison shoppinganalytics and campaign optimizationmarketing automation platform
mobile-first websites
paid search
local search
search engine optimization
social media
programmatic display and video
comparison shopping
analytics and campaign optimization
marketing automation platform
industries why choose usautomotiveoverviewpreferred provider servicesoem solutionsregional associationsdealer groupsdealersmortgage
why choose us
automotiveoverviewpreferred provider servicesoem solutionsregional associationsdealer groupsdealers
overview
preferred provider services
oem solutions
regional associations
dealer groups
dealers
mortgage
insights blognews & presscase studiesresearch
blog
news & press
case studies
research
about who we arecontactcontact usfree digital solutions inspectioncareersjoin our teamjob opportunities
who we are
contactcontact usfree digital solutions inspection
contact us
free digital solutions inspection
careersjoin our teamjob opportunities
join our team
job opportunities
company aboutcontactcareersjoin our teamjop opportunitiesfaqsglossary
about
contact
careersjoin our teamjop opportunities
join our team
jop opportunities
faqs
glossary
regions brasilcanadairelandunited kingdomunited states
brasil
canada
ireland
united kingdom
united states
search optics privacy policy
about search optics
your privacy
information we collect when you visit a search optics site
here are the types of information we may collect from you when you visit an search optics site:
information you provide to usaccount information when you sign up for any of our services (on your own or on behalf of your company), we may ask you to register for an account, and in the process collect certain personal information from you as part of your account registration. this information may include your name, e-mail address, mailing address, company name, credit card number, and credit card expiration date and security code (“personal information”).we retain information on your behalf, such as files and messages that you store using your account.if you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.when you post messages on any message boards or blogs on our site, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.we also collect other types of personal information that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the services.we may also collect personal information, such as at other points in our site that state that information being collected.questionnaires and surveys. from time to time, our site may also be conducting questionnaires and surveys. we will use information you provide in response to survey questions to help us improve the appeal of our products and services.
information you provide to us
account information when you sign up for any of our services (on your own or on behalf of your company), we may ask you to register for an account, and in the process collect certain personal information from you as part of your account registration. this information may include your name, e-mail address, mailing address, company name, credit card number, and credit card expiration date and security code (“personal information”).
we retain information on your behalf, such as files and messages that you store using your account.
if you provide us feedback or contact us via e-mail, we will collect your name and e-mail address, as well as any other content included in the e-mail, in order to send you a reply.
when you post messages on any message boards or blogs on our site, the information contained in your posting will be stored on our servers and other users will be able to see it.
we also collect other types of personal information that you provide to us voluntarily, such as your operating system and version, product registration number, and other requested information if you contact us via e-mail regarding support for the services.
we may also collect personal information, such as at other points in our site that state that information being collected.
questionnaires and surveys. from time to time, our site may also be conducting questionnaires and surveys. we will use information you provide in response to survey questions to help us improve the appeal of our products and services.
information collected via technologyautomated information. to make our site more useful to you, we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with a search optics site. like many other digital content providers, we use “cookies” and obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses a search optics site, such as the internet protocol (ip) address of your internet-connected device, information about your browser software and operating system, the date and time you access our site, and information about your “clicks” and pages you view within our digital content. “cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide certain features on a search optics site. the “help” feature in most web browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. keep in mind that disabling cookies may result in some features of a search optics site not working properly.
information collected via technology
automated information. to make our site more useful to you, we receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with a search optics site. like many other digital content providers, we use “cookies” and obtain certain types of information when your web browser accesses a search optics site, such as the internet protocol (ip) address of your internet-connected device, information about your browser software and operating system, the date and time you access our site, and information about your “clicks” and pages you view within our digital content. “cookies” are alphanumeric identifiers that we transfer to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser to enable our systems to recognize your browser and to provide certain features on a search optics site. the “help” feature in most web browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether. keep in mind that disabling cookies may result in some features of a search optics site not working properly.
third parties with whom we share information collected on search optics siteswe do not sell any personal information to third parties about our customers or visitors to our digital content.third-party service providers. we engage other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, including sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, and processing credit card payments. these service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.third-party ad servers and networks. third-party advertisement vendors may use cookies to serve ads on this site or enable them to serve advertisements to visitors based on their visits to this website as well as to other sites on the internet.cookies may also be used to track users’ activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, search optics may have limited or no access in control over these third-party cookies.to opt out of third-party advertisement cookies on this site, you may visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices. tracking of users through third-party cookie mechanisms are subject to their respective vendors’ privacy policies.business transfers. as we continue to develop and evolve our business, we may acquire, or be acquired by, other companies or business units. in such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets, but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy statement (unless you consent to different treatment).with your consent. we may also share your information with other third parties if you give us your affirmative consent to transfer your information.
third parties with whom we share information collected on search optics sites
we do not sell any personal information to third parties about our customers or visitors to our digital content.
third-party service providers. we engage other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf, including sending postal mail and e-mail, removing repetitive information from customer lists, analyzing data, and processing credit card payments. these service providers have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
third-party ad servers and networks. third-party advertisement vendors may use cookies to serve ads on this site or enable them to serve advertisements to visitors based on their visits to this website as well as to other sites on the internet.
cookies may also be used to track users’ activities on this website to measure advertisement effectiveness and other reasons that will be provided in their own privacy policies, search optics may have limited or no access in control over these third-party cookies.
to opt out of third-party advertisement cookies on this site, you may visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices. tracking of users through third-party cookie mechanisms are subject to their respective vendors’ privacy policies.
business transfers. as we continue to develop and evolve our business, we may acquire, or be acquired by, other companies or business units. in such transactions, customer information generally is one of the transferred business assets, but remains subject to the promises made in any pre-existing privacy statement (unless you consent to different treatment).
with your consent. we may also share your information with other third parties if you give us your affirmative consent to transfer your information.
links to third-party sitesan search optics site may contain links to digital content owned and operated by third parties. we have no responsibility for linked third-party digital content, and provide these links solely for convenience. the privacy statements of these third-party sites may differ from our privacy statement.
links to third-party sites
an search optics site may contain links to digital content owned and operated by third parties. we have no responsibility for linked third-party digital content, and provide these links solely for convenience. the privacy statements of these third-party sites may differ from our privacy statement.
information collected when you visit our customer’s digital contentswhen you visit digital content served by one of our customers (a “customer site”) who has implemented certain search optics software, including search optics performance marketing analytics and phone tracking tools, one or more tracking cookies may be placed on the digital device you use to access the content. in many cases, the system will also append this tracking id to the url for the content. the tracking cookies that our service places on the digital device typically do not include any information that is personally identifiable to you. however, should a customer site require the collection and storage of personally identifiable information, you will be clearly notified of this request and be presented with an option to opt out of the request.our service collects and analyzes information about conversions, click behavior, call tracking, call recording (when enabled by search optics customers), link sharing, and other activity about visits to, and activity on, a customer site from your digital device, and shares this information with the customer who operates the customer site. we may disclose or distribute data about user behavior across all (or most) of the customer sites covered by our service to third parties.in addition, for some of our customer sites, we place additional tracking cookies and “pixel tags” (also known as “web beacons” or “tracking pixels”) on the digital device you are using. these pixel tags and tracking cookies do not include any personal information.we rely on a third-party service provider to place these pixel tags and tracking cookies on your digital device. we provide them to other third-party service providers so that they can identify your digital device when you visit digital content that participates in our advertising network and serve advertisements to you that we believe will be relevant or interesting to you, based on the information we have tracked about your activity on customer sites. we may share these pixel tags and information we collect about activity from your computer with our third-party service providers in order to provide this advertising service to our customers.otherwise, except with our customer’s express written permission or as described in this privacy policy, information that our service collects about your behavior on a customer site is disclosed only with the customer and with no other third parties.you should be aware, however, that customer sites are not owned or operated by us. instead, they are operated by third parties who are our customers. we do not exercise any control over the privacy practices of our customers. the privacy of your personally identifiable information on customer sites is governed by your relationship with the customer site, including any privacy statement that may be posted on the customer site. in addition, you should be aware that our customers could combine information we provide about your activity on the web with personally identifiable information that they have separately obtained about you. we strongly recommend that, if you have any concerns about your privacy on a customer site or any digital content, you review and familiarize yourself with the privacy statement for that digital content and contact the digital content’s administrator directly with any questions.
information collected when you visit our customer’s digital contents
when you visit digital content served by one of our customers (a “customer site”) who has implemented certain search optics software, including search optics performance marketing analytics and phone tracking tools, one or more tracking cookies may be placed on the digital device you use to access the content. in many cases, the system will also append this tracking id to the url for the content. the tracking cookies that our service places on the digital device typically do not include any information that is personally identifiable to you. however, should a customer site require the collection and storage of personally identifiable information, you will be clearly notified of this request and be presented with an option to opt out of the request.
our service collects and analyzes information about conversions, click behavior, call tracking, call recording (when enabled by search optics customers), link sharing, and other activity about visits to, and activity on, a customer site from your digital device, and shares this information with the customer who operates the customer site. we may disclose or distribute data about user behavior across all (or most) of the customer sites covered by our service to third parties.
in addition, for some of our customer sites, we place additional tracking cookies and “pixel tags” (also known as “web beacons” or “tracking pixels”) on the digital device you are using. these pixel tags and tracking cookies do not include any personal information.
we rely on a third-party service provider to place these pixel tags and tracking cookies on your digital device. we provide them to other third-party service providers so that they can identify your digital device when you visit digital content that participates in our advertising network and serve advertisements to you that we believe will be relevant or interesting to you, based on the information we have tracked about your activity on customer sites. we may share these pixel tags and information we collect about activity from your computer with our third-party service providers in order to provide this advertising service to our customers.
otherwise, except with our customer’s express written permission or as described in this privacy policy, information that our service collects about your behavior on a customer site is disclosed only with the customer and with no other third parties.
you should be aware, however, that customer sites are not owned or operated by us. instead, they are operated by third parties who are our customers. we do not exercise any control over the privacy practices of our customers. the privacy of your personally identifiable information on customer sites is governed by your relationship with the customer site, including any privacy statement that may be posted on the customer site. in addition, you should be aware that our customers could combine information we provide about your activity on the web with personally identifiable information that they have separately obtained about you. we strongly recommend that, if you have any concerns about your privacy on a customer site or any digital content, you review and familiarize yourself with the privacy statement for that digital content and contact the digital content’s administrator directly with any questions.
use of your personal information
general use. in general, personal information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. we may use your personal information in the following ways:to facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our networkidentify you as a user in our systemprovide improved administration of our site and servicesprovide the services you requestimprove the quality of experience when you interact with our site and servicessend you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your account was createdsend you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisoriesrespond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requeststo make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedbackto send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our services and for other marketing purposes of company
general use. in general, personal information you submit to us is used either to respond to requests that you make, or to aid us in serving you better. we may use your personal information in the following ways:
to facilitate the creation of and secure your account on our network
identify you as a user in our system
provide improved administration of our site and services
provide the services you request
improve the quality of experience when you interact with our site and services
send you a welcome e-mail to verify ownership of the e-mail address provided when your account was created
send you administrative e-mail notifications, such as security or support and maintenance advisories
respond to your inquiries related to employment opportunities or other requests
to make telephone calls to you, from time to time, as a part of secondary fraud protection or to solicit your feedback
to send newsletters, surveys, offers, and other promotional materials related to our services and for other marketing purposes of company
creation of anonymous data. we may create anonymous data records from personal information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. we use this anonymous data to analyze requests and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation.
creation of anonymous data. we may create anonymous data records from personal information by excluding information (such as your name) that makes the data personally identifiable to you. we use this anonymous data to analyze requests and usage patterns so that we may enhance the content of our services and improve site navigation.
disclosure of your personal information
we disclose your personal information as described below and as described elsewhere in this privacy policy.
third-party service providers. we may share your personal information with third-party service providers to: provide you with the services that we offer you through our site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support and/or to provide other services to the company. these third-party service providers are required not to use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by company.
third-party service providers. we may share your personal information with third-party service providers to: provide you with the services that we offer you through our site; to conduct quality assurance testing; to facilitate creation of accounts; to provide technical support and/or to provide other services to the company. these third-party service providers are required not to use your personal information other than to provide the services requested by company.
affiliates and acquisitions. we may share some or all of your personal information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“affiliates”), in which case we will require our affiliates to honor this privacy policy. if another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
affiliates and acquisitions. we may share some or all of your personal information with our parent company, subsidiaries, joint ventures, or other companies under a common control (“affiliates”), in which case we will require our affiliates to honor this privacy policy. if another company acquires our company, business, or our assets, that company will possess the personal information collected by us and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
other disclosures. regardless of any choices you make regarding your personal information (as described below), the company may disclose personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary in connection with (a) any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on the company; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of the company or users of the services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this privacy policy, or terms of use.
other disclosures. regardless of any choices you make regarding your personal information (as described below), the company may disclose personal information if it believes in good faith that such disclosure is necessary in connection with (a) any legal investigation; (b) to comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on the company; (c) to protect or defend the rights or property of the company or users of the services; and/or (d) to investigate or assist in preventing any violation or potential violation of the law, this privacy policy, or terms of use.
your choices regarding your personal information
choices. we offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information.we may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site or services. when you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below).
choices. we offer you choices regarding the collection, use, and sharing of your personal information.
we may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our site or services. when you receive newsletters or promotional communications from us, you may indicate a preference to stop receiving further communications from us and you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (please see contact information below).
changes to personal information.you may change any of your personal information in your account by editing your profile within your account or by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below. you may request deletion of your personal information by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). when we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. we may retain your information for fraud prevention or similar purposes.requests to review and/or make changes to your account may be done by contacting info@searchoptics.com.security of your personal information. search optics is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. we use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. we also require you to enter a password to access your account information. please do not disclose your account password to unauthorized people. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure, however. therefore, while the company uses reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, company cannot guarantee its absolute security.contact information. the company welcomes your comments or questions regarding this privacy policy. please e-mail us at info@searchoptics.com or contact us at the following address or phone number:search opticsattn: support department1-888-509-9911changes to this privacy policythe contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. if we make any material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our site. any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon the earlier of 30 calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or 30 calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site. these changes will be effective immediately for new users of our service.please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. in the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. in any event, changes to this privacy policy may affect our use of personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. if you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. continued use of our site or service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
changes to personal information.
you may change any of your personal information in your account by editing your profile within your account or by sending an e-mail to us at the e-mail address set forth below. you may request deletion of your personal information by us, but please note that we may be required to keep this information and not delete it (or to keep this information for a certain time, in which case we will comply with your deletion request only after we have fulfilled such requirements). when we delete any information, it will be deleted from the active database, but may remain in our archives. we may retain your information for fraud prevention or similar purposes.
requests to review and/or make changes to your account may be done by contacting info@searchoptics.com.
security of your personal information. search optics is committed to protecting the security of your personal information. we use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. we also require you to enter a password to access your account information. please do not disclose your account password to unauthorized people. no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100 percent secure, however. therefore, while the company uses reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, company cannot guarantee its absolute security.
contact information. the company welcomes your comments or questions regarding this privacy policy. please e-mail us at info@searchoptics.com or contact us at the following address or phone number:
search optics
attn: support department
1-888-509-9911
changes to this privacy policy
the contents of this statement may be altered at any time, at our discretion. if we make any material changes in the way we use your personal information, we will notify you by sending you an e-mail to the last e-mail address you provided to us and/or by prominently posting notice of the changes on our site. any changes to this privacy policy will be effective upon the earlier of 30 calendar days following our dispatch of an e-mail notice to you or 30 calendar days following our posting of notice of the changes on our site. these changes will be effective immediately for new users of our service.
please note that at all times you are responsible for updating your personal information to provide us with your most current e-mail address. in the event that the last e-mail address that you have provided us is not valid, or for any reason is not capable of delivering to you the notice described above, our dispatch of the e-mail containing such notice will nonetheless constitute effective notice of the changes described in the notice. in any event, changes to this privacy policy may affect our use of personal information that you provided us prior to our notification to you of the changes. if you do not wish to permit changes in our use of your personal information, you must notify us prior to the effective date of the changes that you wish to deactivate your account with us. continued use of our site or service, following notice of such changes shall indicate your acknowledgement of such changes and agreement to be bound by the terms and conditions of such changes.
