products teamviewerremote access & support  teamviewer tensorenterprise remote connectivity  teamviewer iotaccess, control, manage  teamviewer assist arremote support with ar  teamviewer frontlinear workflow solutions  teamviewer engagedigital customer engagement  teamviewer remote managementmanage, monitor, patch and protect your devices  teamviewer meetingsecure videoconferencing  teamviewer servicecampservice desk ticketing  application integrations  customer success
teamviewerremote access & support
teamviewer tensorenterprise remote connectivity
teamviewer iotaccess, control, manage
teamviewer assist arremote support with ar
teamviewer frontlinear workflow solutions
teamviewer engagedigital customer engagement
teamviewer remote managementmanage, monitor, patch and protect your devices
teamviewer meetingsecure videoconferencing
teamviewer servicecampservice desk ticketing
application integrations
customer success
solutions remote support  it management  web monitoring  remote work and videoconferencing  remote access  augmented reality support  workflow digitalization  iot and industry 4.0  logistics & intralogistics  assembly & production  inspection & maintenance  service & after sales  support for mobile devices  support for android devices  digital customer service  online sales & consultation  for schools and universities
remote support
it management
web monitoring
remote work and videoconferencing
remote access
augmented reality support
workflow digitalization
iot and industry 4.0
logistics & intralogistics
assembly & production
inspection & maintenance
service & after sales
support for mobile devices
support for android devices
digital customer service
online sales & consultation
for schools and universities
resources customer support  custom modules  for developers  community  glossary  knowledge base  documents  trust center  teamviewer academy  blog  system status  events & webinars
customer support
custom modules
for developers
community
glossary
knowledge base
documents
trust center
teamviewer academy
blog
system status
events & webinars
partner integration partner  oem partner  frontline partner  become a partner  find a partner
integration partner
oem partner
frontline partner
become a partner
find a partner
company investors  press room  careers  customer support  leadership  sport sponsorship  sustainability and csr  about teamviewer  sales contact
investors
press room
careers
customer support
leadership
sport sponsorship
sustainability and csr
about teamviewer
sales contact
download
buy now
+1 800 638 0253
sign in:                                                    management console                                                    chat                                                    ticket                                                    customer portal

teamviewer trust center
your single source for the latest security, compliance, and system performance information.
current system status
security overview
application security
compliance
faqs
application security options
policy-based settings
black and whitelist
chat and video encryption
no stealth mode
password protection
incoming and outgoing access control
two-factor authentication
company profile
trusted devices
policy-based settings
from within the teamviewer management console, users are able to define, distribute, and enforce setting policies for the teamviewer software installations on devices that belong specifically to them. setting policies are digitally signed by the account that generated them. this ensures that the only account permitted to assign a policy to a device is the account to which the device belongs.
to learn more about setting policies and the different options available, visit the article, how to add a new settings policy in our knowledge base.
black and whitelist
particularly if teamviewer is being used for maintaining unattended computers (i.e. teamviewer is installed as a windows service), the additional security option to restrict access to these computers to a number of specific clients can be of interest. with the whitelist function you can explicitly indicate which teamviewer ids and/or teamviewer accounts are allowed to access a computer. with the blacklist function, you can block certain teamviewer ids and teamviewer accounts. a central whitelist is available as part of the “policy-based settings” described above under “management console.”
for steps on how to set up blacklists and whitelists, visit our knowledge base.
chat and video encryption
chat histories are associated with your teamviewer account and are therefore encrypted and stored using the same aes/rsa 4096-bit encryption security as described under the “teamviewer account” heading. all chat messages and video traffic are end-to-end encrypted using aes (256-bit) session encryption.
no stealth mode
there is no function that enables you to have teamviewer running completely in the background. even if the application is running as a windows service in the background, teamviewer is always visible by means of an icon in the system tray. after establishing a connection there is always a small control panel visible above the system tray. therefore, teamviewer is intentionally unsuitable for covertly monitoring computers or employees.
password protection
for spontaneous customer support, teamviewer (teamviewer quicksupport) generates a session password (one-time password). if your customer tells you their password, you can connect to their computer by entering their id and password. after a restart of teamviewer on the customer’s side, a new session password will be generated so that you can only connect to your customer’s computers if you are invited to do so.
when deploying teamviewer for unattended remote support (e.g. of servers), you set an individual, fixed password, which secures access to the computer.
there are many configurable password options you can customize.
for in-depth articles on password options and settings, visit the all about passwords section of our knowledge base.
incoming and outgoing access control
you can individually configure the connection modes of teamviewer. for instance, you can configure your remote support or meeting computer in a way that no incoming connections are possible. limiting functionality to those features actually needed always means limiting possible weak points for potential attacks.
to restrict functionality for incoming connections, you can set up an access control. choose between full access, confirm all, viewing access, custom settings or deny any incoming remote control connection.
with custom settings, you can configure the remote device in such a way that, for example, controlling mouse and keyboard on the remote device is only possible after confirmation by your customer. your customer basically has full control of what is happening on his device.
for more information on ways to control access or to set up logging and reports for incoming and outgoing connections, visit our knowledge base.
two-factor authentication
teamviewer assists companies with their hipaa compliance requirements. two-factor authentication adds an additional security layer to protect teamviewer accounts from unauthorized access. in addition to both username and password, the user must enter a code in order to authenticate. this code is generated via the time-based one-time password (totp) algorithm. therefore, the code is only valid for a short period of time. through two-factor authentication and limiting access by means of whitelisting, teamviewer assists in meeting all necessary criteria for hipaa certification.
for details on how to set up two-factor authentication, visit the tutorial video in our knowledge base.
company profile
the teamviewer management console offers the possibility to centrally manage several teamviewer accounts inside a company by one or several users. this allows to assign different permissions to the company users centrally.
a company profile also allows central management of client settings for the teamviewer clients of your company, management of available contacts and computers for every user in the company profile, and many other features that support centralized permission and access management.
for more information on adding, removing, and setting permissions for users, visit our knowledge base.
trusted devices
trusted devices is an extra layer of security for your teamviewer account to prevent your teamviewer account from unauthorized access. as a preventive measure to ensure your account’s security, you need to authorize every new device on which you sign in to your account for the very first time.
read more about how to authorize devices in our knowledge base.
company
investors
channel partners
careers
press
events
contact
products
teamviewer
teamviewer tensor
teamviewer assist ar
teamviewer iot
teamviewer engage
teamviewer frontline
teamviewer remote management
support ticket system
teamviewer meeting
popular topics
trust center
management console
mobile support
community
gdpr
product description
teamviewer user focus program
solutions
teamviewer tensor™
remote access
remote desktop
collaboration
support ticket system
support for mobile devices
imprint
privacy notice
contact
product description
eula
cookie settings
facebook icon
twitter icon
youtube icon
linkedin icon
instagram icon
