facebook
twitter
rss
about usfaqs
faqs
partners
blog
servicesprofessional servicescybersecurity servicescollaborationiotgreennetwork servicessd-wanmicrosoft
professional services
cybersecurity services
collaboration
iot
green
network services
sd-wan
microsoft
case studiesgoing high-availability for internet bankinggoing managed wan and security for more productivitysecure global vpn for microsoft dynamics
going high-availability for internet banking
going managed wan and security for more productivity
secure global vpn for microsoft dynamics
contact us
1. overview
telesource communications, inc. respects the privacy of our customers and business partners. we recognize the need for protections and management of personal information that is provided to us or accessed by us. telesource communications, inc. has therefore established this privacy statement to assist you to understand what information we collect and how that information is used. this statement may change from time to time so please check back periodically. by accessing any telesource communications, inc. website, downloading any materials from telesource communications, inc. websites, purchasing products or services, or by providing any information to telesource communications, inc. including viatelesource communications, inc. support,telesource communications, inc. websites, e-mail addresses, or otherwise, you acknowledge and fully understand telesource communications, inc.’s privacy statement and consent to the information collection and use practices described herein. if you do not agree to this privacy statement, do not use telesource communications, inc. websites, download any materials from them, purchase products or services or provide information to telesource communications, inc. or its affiliated or partner companies.
2. information we collect and how we use it
a. types of information
information logging. telesource communications, inc. may track and use information relating to website usage such as: internet protocol address; kind of browser, operating system or computer used; number of links clicked within a website; state or country from which you accessed the site; date and time of your visit(s); name of your internet service provider; web page(s) you linked to or from another website; and pages you viewed on a website.
cookies. telesource communications, inc. may use cookies. a cookie is a small text file that is placed on your hard disk by a web page server. cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. cookies are uniquely assigned to you, and can only be read by a web server in the domain that issued the cookie to you. one of the primary purposes of cookies is to provide a convenience feature to save you time. for example, if you personalize a web page, or navigate within a site, a cookie helps the site to recall your specific information on subsequent visits. hence, this simplifies the process of delivering relevant content and eases site navigation by providing and saving your preferences and login information as well as providing personalized functionality. we link cookies to personal information on the site in order to make it easier for users to return to the site and to access the site’s features.
telesource communications, inc. reserves the right to share aggregated site statistics with partner companies, but does not allow other companies to place cookies on our website unless there is a temporary, overriding customer value (such as merging into telesource communications, inc. a site that relies on third-party cookies).
you have the ability to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies. if you reject cookies by changing your browser settings then be aware that this may disable some of the functionality on our website.
personal information. personal information is information that can be used to identify or contact a specific individual, such as a name, address, telephone number or email address. telesource communications, inc. may collect or access certain personal information from customers and business partners. other than as set forth above, telesource communications, inc. does not collect personal information unless you choose to provide such personal information.
on telesource communications, inc. web sites you may be able to order products or services, register products, request information, subscribe to marketing or support materials, register to a secure extranet site to obtain access to product information, support, services and training. the types of personal information you provide to us on these pages may include name, address, phone number, e-mail address, user ids and passwords, billing and transaction information, credit card or other financial information, contact preferences, educational and employment background, job interest data and benefit choices.
testimonials. we post customer testimonials on our web site which may contain personally identifiable information such as the customer’s name. we do obtain the customer’s consent prior to posting the testimonial to post their name along with their testimonial. if you want to remove your personal information that is being displayed on our website under public pages please send your request to info@telesource communications, inc..com.
blogs. if you use the blog on this web site, you should be aware that any personally identifiable information you submit there can be read, collected, or used by other users of these forums, and could be used to send you unsolicited messages. we are not responsible for the personally identifiable information you choose to submit in these forums.
b. use of information
except as described in this privacy statement, we will not disclose your personal information outside of telesource communications, inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates without your consent. we do not sell, rent, or lease personal information or our customer lists to third parties. we use all the information we collect to provide and enhance the products, services and information you request and to contact you regarding our products and services. this may include: billing and other accounting purposes; establishing accounts and contacting you regarding important information about your account, including notices and updates; display of personalized content and advertising; informing you of other products or services offered by telesource communications, inc. and its affiliates; sending you relevant survey invitations; providing you with additional materials regarding telesource communications, inc. products and services or to connect you with a telesource communications, inc. representative, if necessary; responding directly to your questions, comments or requests for support; analyzing site usage, to improve and customize our web sites and products and service offers, and to improve our marketing and promotional efforts; compiling; and enforcing our agreements with you. the information we collect may be combined with information obtained from other sources and other companies. we may compile, sell, and otherwise use for any purpose non personal information relating to or arising from the capabilities, problems, successes, statistics, diagnostics, inventory, composition, configuration, performance (or lack thereof) of: (a) the software or services; (b) authorized machines or any network to which an authorized machine is connected; or (c) any software or hardware loaded on, comprising, or used in connection with or otherwise related to any of the forgoing. in order to help provide our products, services, or information, we occasionally hire other companies to assist such as providing products or services, handling the processing and delivery of mailings, providing customer support, hosting websites, processing transactions, or performing statistical analysis of our services. those companies will be permitted to obtain only the information they need to deliver the service. they are required to maintain the confidentiality of the information and are prohibited from using it for any other purpose.
we may access and/or disclose any information if we believe such action is necessary to: (a) comply with any law, judicial, proceeding, government request, court order, legal process, rule or regulation or any process served on telesource communications, inc.; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of telesource communications, inc. (including the enforcement of our agreements); or (c) act in urgent circumstances or emergencies. if telesource communications, inc. is acquired by or merged with a third party, we reserve the right, to sell or otherwise transfer the personal information we have collected as part of that transaction provided that such third party continues to honor our privacy statement.
3. communication preferences and choices
you can stop the delivery of promotional e-mail or other telesource communications, inc. communications by following the instructions in the e-mail you receive or by contacting telesource communications, inc. at info@telesource communications, inc..com. these choices do not apply to the receipt of mandatory product or service communications that are considered part of certain telesource communications, inc. products or services, which you may receive periodically unless you cancel the product or service. furthermore, telesource communications, inc. does not require that you provide  telesource communications, inc. with personal information. the decision to provide personal information is voluntary. if you do not wish to provide the personal information requested, however, you may not be able to proceed with the activity or receive the benefit for which the personal information is being requested.
4. accessing and changing your personal information
you may have the ability to view or edit your personal information by contacting us at telesource communications, inc..com, and we will contact you to enable you to access your information and the opportunity to change your information. to protect your privacy and security, we may require steps to verify your identity, such as a password and user id, before granting access to your data.
5. third party policies
related offerings with links from telesource communications, inc.’s websites have their own privacy policies that can be viewed by clicking on the corresponding links within each respective website. all telesource communications, inc. partners are encouraged to participate in industry privacy initiatives and to take a responsible attitude towards consumer privacy. however, since we do not have direct control over the policies or practices of participating third parties, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or contents of those sites. we recommend and encourage that you always review the privacy policies of other third parties before you provide any personal information or complete any transaction with such parties.
6. collection and use of children’s personal information
telesource communications, inc. does not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 13. if telesource communications, inc. learns that we have personal information on a child under the age of 13, we will delete that information from our systems. we encourage you to talk with your children about communicating with strangers and disclosing personal information online. you should instruct children to never give personal information, unless supervised by a parent or responsible adult, monitor the sites your kids are visiting and which sites are appropriate and review privacy policies to understand how your child’s information is treated.
7. security
telesource communications, inc. takes information security very seriously and uses reasonable measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access. we use a variety of security technologies depending on the situation and procedures to help protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure such as physical access controls, secure socket layers (ssl), internet firewalls, intrusion detection, and network monitoring. however, no security system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, and therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your information or assume liability for improper access to it. by using the telesource communications, inc. web site, or providing information to us through any means, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically about any matter including regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues.
if a password is used to help protect your accounts and personal information, it is your responsibility to keep your password confidential. do not share this information with anyone. if you are sharing a computer with anyone you should always log out before leaving a site or service to protect access to your information from subsequent users.
8. use of web beacons
telesource communications, inc. web pages may contain electronic images known as web beacons – sometimes called single-pixel gifs – that may be used to assist in delivering cookies on our sites and allow us to count users who have visited those pages and to deliver co-branded services. we may include web beacons in promotional e-mail messages or our newsletters in order to determine whether messages have been opened and acted upon.
telesource communications, inc. may also employ web beacons from third parties in order to help us compile aggregated statistics regarding the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns or other operations of our sites. we prohibit web beacons on our sites from being used by third parties to collect or access your personal information.
finally, we may work with other companies that advertise on telesource communications, inc. sites to place web beacons on their sites in order to allow us to develop statistics on how often clicking on an advertisement on a telesource communications, inc. site results in a purchase or other action on the advertiser’s site.
9. changes to this statement
we reserve the right to modify this privacy statement at any time, so please review it frequently. if we make material changes to this policy, we will notify you here, by email, or by means of a notice on our home page. your continued use of telesource communications, inc. products, services or websites or communication with telesource communications, inc. constitutes your agreement to this privacy statement and any updates.
10. contacting us
if you have questions or concerns, you should first contact the telesource communications, inc. privacy administrator at: info@telesource.com.

company
about us
blog
contact us
services
network services
unified communications
cybersecurity services
professional services
support
submit a ticket
privacy policy
(281) 398-5804
facebook
twitter
rss
©  telesource
