terasic privacy policy
recent news
feb. 24, 2022de10-nano is now officially certified as a microsoft azure iot plug-and-play device!
aug. 25, 20212021 innovatefpga design contest - connecting the edge for a sustainable future!
mar. 10, 2021the university of cambridge adopts terasic's de10-pro for their poets project
terasic privacy policy
your privacy matters to terasic inc.
the following privacy statement applies to website, emails, software that link to this privacy statement (collectively, the "services"). this privacy policy covers how we collect, use, disclose, transfer and store your information, as well as how you can control your data.
terasic website contains links to other sites, but we do not control or take responsibility for personal information collected on these sites, nor are we responsible for the accuracy or the content of these sites.

information we collect
we collect information that you provide to us when you:
create an account
sign up to receive e-newsletters
provide feedback
request information from us
register for an event or training course
contribute content to our website
contact us via email
submit an employment application or resume, or fill out other employment documentation
make a purchase
download resources or documents from our website
submit a return materials authorization(rma) form, see: https://www.terasic.com.tw/cgi-bin/page/rma.pl?language=english
the information that you provide to us may include:
your name
your place of employment and job title
contact information( address, email address, and phone number)
username, password, and other registration information
information you provide when you contact us
information you provide in your employment application
transaction-related information
any other information you choose to make public on our website

information collected automatically
cookies are small pieces of information that are stored on your computer, tablet or mobile phone when you visit our website. we use cookies to maintain your session state and to obtain statistics and information regarding how you use the sites. the use of cookies helps us provide personalized service and makes our website and services work better for you.
use of information
we may use the information collected for:
processing transactions or providing services you have authorized, such as a purchase or service request, and maintaining and supporting our products
providing user support and website administration;
delivering marketing communications, advertisements, events, as well as product news or notifications
we collect your information to provide services to you, conduct a transaction, or deliver news and promotional ads. you are not obliged to provide the information. however, by doing so, you might not be able to use some areas of our website or services.

information disclosure
we will not share or sell your information covered by this privacy policy to advertisers or other third parties, except:
when you choose to make information public on our website
to service providers who have agreed to use the information solely to provide the services requested by terasic. for example, service providers that process payments or provide shipping services
for law& order and public interest, we will (a) comply with relevant laws or respond to court orders or other legal process served on terasic, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of terasic or users of the services; or (c) prevent or respond to fraud, intellectual property infringement, violations of law, or other misuse of the services.

data retention
if you have contacted us via email, we will retain your personal information contained in the mail unless you request deleting it. if you are a registered user on our website, we will keep your information for as long as your account is in existence, or as long as we need it to provide you services. if you delete your account, we will initiate deletion of your information within 30 days.

your rights
you can request access to your personal information, or request change or restriction to our processing of your personal data. you can also ask for portability of personal information that teraisc holds about you. please send such requests to sales@terasic.com        .
if you are a registered member on our website, you can always access and change your profile and personal information at https://www.terasic.com.tw        .
you can ask for more information or lodge complaint with your local data protection supervisory authority.
if we have obtained your e-mail address, we may send you marketing e-mails. you can change your email preferences to choose the emails you hope to receive and not to receive, or even totally opt out of the mailing at http://www.terasic.com/unsubscribe.
you can modify your browser preferences to choose to accept cookies, be notified when a cookie is sent, or reject cookies. see http://www.allaboutcookies.org/        . the rejection or limitation of cookies by your browser may affect the proper function of some areas of our website.

changes to this policy
terasic will update our privacy policy from time to time. we will post the most current version on our website, which governs our use of your information. so please check our privacy policy often for the latest changes. if a change shall reduce your rights, we will notify you via email in advance.

contact
have questions or concerns about terasic, our services and privacy? contact sales@terasic.com        .you can find terasic’s locations and other contact information at https://www.terasic.com.tw/cgi-bin/page/archive.pl?language=english&categoryno=12&no=20last update on may 18, 2018
follow us




information
terasic headquarter is located in hsinchu, taiwan, which is also known as the silicon valley of asia.
tel: +886-3-5750880
email: sales@terasic.com
forum: intel communities
location: no.80, fenggong rd., hukou township, hsinchu county 303035. taiwan
photo
© copyright terasic inc. all rights reserved
