home
about us
contact us
unlocking business advantages across industries for beyond mobility value creation
privacy policy
the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  is committed to ensuring that any and all personal information collected from individuals who visit our website and/or make use of our online facilities and services, is accurate, confidential, secure, and private. our privacy policy is designed to ensure those affiliated with the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  are aware of our commitment and our understanding of our obligation to not only meet, but to exceed, most existing privacy standards.
therefore, this privacy policy agreement shall apply to the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd., and thus it shall govern any and all data collection and usage thereof. through the use of the website, you are herein consenting to the data procedures expressed within this agreement.
it is highly recommended that you review the privacy policies and statements of any website you choose to use or frequent as a means to better understand the way in which other websites garner, make use of, and share the information collected.
collection of information
this website collects various types of information, such as:
information automatically collected when visiting our website, which may include cookies, third party tracking technologies, and server logs.
the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  may have the occasion to collect non-personal, anonymous demographic information, such as age, gender, household income, political affiliation, race and religion, as well as the type of browser you are using, ip address, and type of operating system. at a later time, that information will assist us in providing and maintaining superior quality service.
use of information collected
the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  may collect and may make use of personal information to assist in the operation of our website and to ensure the delivery of the services you need and request. at times, we may find it necessary to use personally identifiable information as a means to keep you informed of other possible products and/or services that may be available to you from this website. the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  may also be in contact with you with regards to completing surveys or research questionnaires related to your opinion of current or potential future services that may be offered.
the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  does not now, nor will it in the future, sell, rent, or lease any of its customer lists and/or names to any third parties.
the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  may deem it necessary to follow websites and/or pages that their users may frequent in an effort to gleam what types of services and/or products may be the most popular to customers or the general public.
the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  may disclose your personal information, without any prior notice to you, unless required to do in accordance with applicable laws and/or in a good faith belief that such action is deemed necessary or required in an effort to:
remain in conformance with any decrees, laws and/or statutes, or in an effort to comply with any process which may be served upon the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  and/or the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  website.
maintain, safeguard, and/or preserve all the rights and/or property of the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.
perform under demanding conditions in an effort to safeguard the personal safety of users of the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd. and/or the general public
non-marketing purposes
the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  greatly respects your privacy. we do maintain and reserve the right to contact you if needed for non¬marketing purposes (such as bug alerts, security breaches, account issues, and/or changes in the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  products and services). in certain circumstances, we may use our website, newspapers, or other public means to post a notice.
unsubscribe or opt-out
all users and/or visitors to our website have the option to discontinue receiving communication from us and/or reserve the right to discontinue receiving communications by way of email or newsletters. to discontinue or unsubscribe from our website, please send an email stating that you wish to unsubscribe. if you wish to unsubscribe or opt¬out from any third-party websites, you must go to that specific website to unsubscribe and/or opt¬out. the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  will continue to adhere to the privacy policy described herein with respect to any personal information previously collected.
links to other web sites
our website does contain links to affiliate and other websites. the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  does not claim, nor accept, responsibility for any privacy policies, practices and/or procedures of other such websites. therefore, we encourage all users and visitors to be aware when they leave our website and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personally identifiable information. the aforementioned privacy policy agreement applies only and solely to the information collected by our website.
security
the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  shall take every precaution to maintain adequate physical, procedural and technical security with respect to its offices and information storage facilities so as to prevent any loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, or modification of the user’s personal information under our control.
changes to privacy policy agreement
the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  reserves the right to update and/or change the terms of our privacy policy, and as such we will post those changes to our website, so our users and/or visitors are always aware of the type of information we collect, how it will be used, and under what circumstances, if any, we may disclose such information. if at any point in time the hi-tech robotic systemz, ltd.  decides to make use of any personally identifiable information on file, in a manner vastly different from that which was stated when this information was initially collected, users shall be promptly notified by email. users at that time shall have the option as to whether or not to permit the use of their information in this separate manner.
acceptance of terms
through the use of this website, you are hereby accepting the terms and conditions stipulated within the aforementioned privacy policy agreement. if you are not in agreement with our terms and conditions, then you should refrain from further use of our sites. in addition, your continued use of our website following the posting of any updates or changes to our terms and conditions shall mean that you are in agreement and acceptance of such changes.
how to contact us
if you have any questions or concerns regarding the privacy policy agreement related to our website, please feel free to contact us at the following email marketing@hitechroboticsystemz.com.
about us
thrsl is a pioneer and leader of intelligent robotic              automation using transformative ai, computer vision              and autonomous mobility solutions for customers across              multiple industry verticals.
quick links
about us
privacy policy
contact us
india officea-18 infocity-1, sector-34, gurgaon 122001(haryana, india)tel: +91(124)4715300fax: +91(124)4715398email: marketing@hitechroboticsystemz.comcorporate identity number: u28999hr2004plc090652
canada office361, speedvale avenue west, guelph, on, canadaemail: marketing@hitechroboticsystemz.com
