thinglogix, inc. online privacy policy
effective date: may 25, 2018
introduction
purpose: the purpose of this privacy policy is to describe how thinglogix, inc. (“thinglogix”) collects, uses and shares information about you through our u.s. online interfaces (e.g., websites and mobile applications) owned and controlled by us, including foundry.thinglogix.com (collectively referred to herein as the “site”). please read this notice carefully to understand what we do. if you do not understand any aspects of our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us or as described at the end of this policy.
our privacy policy explains:
information that we collect
how we use and share your information
access to your information and choices
security of your information
consent to data processing in united states
changes to our privacy policy
questions and how contact us
scope: third party sites. this privacy policy applies only to information we collect at and through the site. our site also contains links to third party sites that are not owned or controlled by thinglogix. please be aware that we are not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage you to be aware when you leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every website that collects personal information.
terms of use: please note that your use of our site is also subject to our terms of use (eula).
information that we collect
information you provide to us
we collect information you provide to us, for example when you create or modify your account, register to use our site, purchase products or services from us, request information from us, contact customer support, or otherwise communicate with us. this information may include:
name
address
billing address
email address
telephone number
credit card number (solely for payment purposes)
information we collect through your use of our site
google analytics
we use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. (“google”) to collect certain information relating to your use of the site. google analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the site analyze how users use the site. you can find out more about how google uses data when you visit our site by visiting “how google uses data when you use our partners’ sites or apps”, (located at www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/). we may also use google analytics advertising features to provide you with interest-based advertising based on your online activity. for more information regarding google analytics please visit google’s website, and pages that describe google analytics, such as www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html. to learn more about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights and options, visit the digital advertising alliance and the network advertising initiative websites (www.aboutads.info and www.networkadvertising.org). please note that if you choose to opt out, you will continue to see ads on our site, but they will not be based on how you browse and shop.
information collected through cookies and similar technologies
we and our service providers use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our site through your computer or mobile device. a cookie is a small file containing a string of characters that is sent to your computer when you visit a website. when you visit the site again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information. you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. however, some site features or services may not function properly without cookies.we use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, tracking user trends and providing relevant advertising to you. (see, “advertising” below.)
no information from children under age 13
if you are under the age of 13, please do not attempt to register with us at this site or provide any personal information about yourself to us. if we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete that information. if you believe we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 13, please contact us.
how we use and share your information
to provide products, services, and information. we collect information from you so that we can provide products and services that you purchase using the site, and provide information that you request from us. we use your personal information to contact you about your orders, process credit card and debit card transactions, and ship products to you. we may send you information about our products and services, and new offerings.
sharing with third parties. we may provide information to third party service providers that help us operate and manage our site, process orders, and fulfill and deliver products and services that you purchase from us. these service providers will have access to your personal information in order to provide these services, but when this occurs we implement reasonable contractual and technical protections to limit their use of that information to helping us provide the service.
your consent: in addition to the sharing described elsewhere in this policy, we will only share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of thinglogix when we have your consent to do so.
legal proceedings: we will share personal information with third party companies, organizations or individuals outside of thinglogix if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:
meet any applicable law, regulation, subpoena, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of thinglogix, our users, customers or the public as required or permitted by law.
transfer in the event of sale or change of control. if the ownership of all or substantially all of our business changes or we otherwise transfer assets relating to our business or the site to a third party, such as by merger, acquisition, bankruptcy proceeding or otherwise, we may transfer or sell your personal information to the new owner. in such a case, unless permitted otherwise by applicable law, your information would remain subject to the promises made in the applicable privacy policy unless you agree differently.
access to your information and choices
you can access and update certain information we have relating to your online account by signing into your account on the site. if you have questions about personal information we have about you or need to update your information, you can contact us. you can opt-out of receiving marketing and promotional e-mails by using the opt-out or unsubscribe feature contained in the e-mails.
you can close your online account by following the online instructions for cancelling your account. if you close your account, we will no longer use your online account information or share it with third parties. we may, however, retain a copy of the information for archival purposes, and to avoid identity theft or fraud.
security of your information
we use industry standard physical, technical and administrative security measures and safeguards to protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information. however, since the internet is not a 100% secure environment, we cannot guarantee, ensure, or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us. there is no guarantee that information may not be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed by breach of any of our physical, technical, or managerial safeguards. it is your responsibility to protect the security of your login information. please note that e-mails and other communications you send to us through our site are not encrypted, and we strongly advise you not to communicate any confidential information through these means.
consent to data processing in united states
in order to provide our products and services to you, we may send and store your personal information (also commonly referred to as personal data) outside of the european economic area and (eea), including to the united states. accordingly, your personal information may be transferred outside of the country where you reside or are located, including to countries that may not or do not provide the same level of protection for your personal information. we are committed to protecting the privacy and confidentiality of personal information when it is transferred. where such transfers occur, we take appropriate steps to provide the same level of protection for the processing carried out in any such countries as within the eea to the extent feasible under applicable law. by using and accessing our site, users who reside or are located in countries outside of the united states agree and consent to the transfer to and processing of personal information on servers located outside of the country where they reside, and that the protection of such information may be different than required under the laws of their residence or location.
changes to our privacy policy
our privacy policy may change from time to time. we will not reduce your rights under this privacy policy without your consent in accordance with applicable law. we will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide a more prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). we will also keep prior versions of this privacy policy in an archive for your review.
questions and how contact us
if you have any questions, concerns, complaints or suggestions regarding our privacy policy or otherwise need to contact us, please contact us, or email us at info@thinglogix.com.
‍
learn how to do more with no-code!
learn more about how thinglogix no-code ai and iot platform can drastically reduce development time, increase flexibility and unleash the creative genius in your company.
about thinglogix
founded in 2014, thinglogix focuses on helping companies adopt emerging technologies to change their businesses, their customers lives and the world.
follow us
privacy policy   |   terms of service   |   copyrights 2021  thinglogix, inc.   all rights reserved
