contact us
japanese

privacy policy
policy on the protection of personal information
tokyo electron device limited and its domestic subsidiaries (referred to as the “ted group”) are aware that the appropriate protection of personal information in the ted group’s possession is an important social obligation and handle personal information in accordance with the following policy to fulfill this obligation.
atsushi tokushige, president            tokyo electron device limited
compliance with laws and regulationsthe ted group shall comply with the act on the protection of personal information and other relevant laws and regulations applicable to personal information, observe practices relating to the handling of personal information that are generally recognized to be fair and just, and handle personal information appropriately. furthermore, the ted group shall strive to improve the handling of personal information as appropriate.
compliance with laws and regulations
the ted group shall comply with the act on the protection of personal information and other relevant laws and regulations applicable to personal information, observe practices relating to the handling of personal information that are generally recognized to be fair and just, and handle personal information appropriately. furthermore, the ted group shall strive to improve the handling of personal information as appropriate.
education of officers, employees, and othersthe ted group shall conduct education and training of its officers, employees, and others, establish rules on the handling of personal information, and thoroughly inform officers, employees, and others regarding those rules. furthermore, the ted group shall request that business partners and others handle personal information appropriately.
education of officers, employees, and others
the ted group shall conduct education and training of its officers, employees, and others, establish rules on the handling of personal information, and thoroughly inform officers, employees, and others regarding those rules. furthermore, the ted group shall request that business partners and others handle personal information appropriately.
acquisition and usewhen acquiring personal information, the ted group shall specify the purposes of use and provide notice or publicly announce those purposes and shall handle personal information in accordance with those purposes.
acquisition and use
when acquiring personal information, the ted group shall specify the purposes of use and provide notice or publicly announce those purposes and shall handle personal information in accordance with those purposes.
purposes of usethe ted group shall use personal information within the scope of the purposes set forth below. furthermore, if any changes are made to the purposes of use of personal information, the ted group shall provide notice to the concerned individuals or make a public announcement regarding the modified purposes of use.(1)	personal information regarding customers and business partners (in the case of corporations, their officers and employees)1)to propose, sell, provide, and develop products, services, and support2)	to provide maintenance and support3)	to register the use of provided services4)	to provide information on, operate, and manage events (various seminars, exhibits, workshops, training, and so on) and various campaigns that the ted group holds (sponsors, co-sponsors, or supports)5)	to conduct business talks and meetings, to perform contracts, and to renew contracts6)	to respond to inquiries and requests7)	to conduct marketing, research, analysis, and various questionnaires for the purposes of quality improvement and enhancement of products and services8)	to manage customer and business partner information9)	to conduct surveys and communications regarding compliance10)	to conduct communications during emergenciesinformation received through responses to questionnaires administered at events (various seminars, exhibits, workshops, training, and so on) that the ted group holds (sponsors, co-sponsors, or supports) may be provided to third parties in japan and other countries with the consent of the concerned individuals for the purpose of proposing products, services, and support.(2)	personal information regarding shareholders1)	to exercise rights and perform duties pursuant to the companies act2)	to manage shareholders by producing records pursuant to various laws and regulations3)	to implement various shareholder measures for the purpose of enhancing relationships between shareholders and the relevant companies(3)	personal information regarding applicants during recruiting and hiring activities1)	to contact applicants, provide information, and take other necessary actions during recruiting and hiring activities(4)	personal information regarding officers, employees, and others1)	to conduct communications regarding work2)	to pay remuneration (wages, bonuses, allowances, etc.), perform personnel and labor management, and provide benefits3)	to conduct health management and safety management(5)	personal information regarding former employees1)	to conduct communications and perform other management of former employees as necessary
purposes of use
the ted group shall use personal information within the scope of the purposes set forth below. furthermore, if any changes are made to the purposes of use of personal information, the ted group shall provide notice to the concerned individuals or make a public announcement regarding the modified purposes of use.
(1)	personal information regarding customers and business partners (in the case of corporations, their officers and employees)
1)to propose, sell, provide, and develop products, services, and support
2)	to provide maintenance and support
3)	to register the use of provided services
4)	to provide information on, operate, and manage events (various seminars, exhibits, workshops, training, and so on) and various campaigns that the ted group holds (sponsors, co-sponsors, or supports)
5)	to conduct business talks and meetings, to perform contracts, and to renew contracts
6)	to respond to inquiries and requests
7)	to conduct marketing, research, analysis, and various questionnaires for the purposes of quality improvement and enhancement of products and services
8)	to manage customer and business partner information
9)	to conduct surveys and communications regarding compliance
10)	to conduct communications during emergencies
information received through responses to questionnaires administered at events (various seminars, exhibits, workshops, training, and so on) that the ted group holds (sponsors, co-sponsors, or supports) may be provided to third parties in japan and other countries with the consent of the concerned individuals for the purpose of proposing products, services, and support.
(2)	personal information regarding shareholders
1)	to exercise rights and perform duties pursuant to the companies act
2)	to manage shareholders by producing records pursuant to various laws and regulations
3)	to implement various shareholder measures for the purpose of enhancing relationships between shareholders and the relevant companies
(3)	personal information regarding applicants during recruiting and hiring activities
1)	to contact applicants, provide information, and take other necessary actions during recruiting and hiring activities
(4)	personal information regarding officers, employees, and others
1)	to conduct communications regarding work
2)	to pay remuneration (wages, bonuses, allowances, etc.), perform personnel and labor management, and provide benefits
3)	to conduct health management and safety management
(5)	personal information regarding former employees
1)	to conduct communications and perform other management of former employees as necessary
provision to third partiesexcept in the cases set forth below, the ted group shall not provide personal information to third parties.(1)	when the consent of the concerned individual is obtained;(2)	when provision is required pursuant to laws and regulations;(3)	when necessary for the protection of human life or person or for the protection of property and it would be difficult to obtain the consent of the concerned individual;(4)	when particularly necessary to enhance public health or promote the sound development of children and it would be difficult to obtain the consent of the concerned individual; and(5)	when it is necessary to cooperate with the performance of administration by the national government or a local governmental body as prescribed in laws and regulations and notifying the concerned individual would impede the performance of such administration.
provision to third parties
except in the cases set forth below, the ted group shall not provide personal information to third parties.
(1)	when the consent of the concerned individual is obtained;
(2)	when provision is required pursuant to laws and regulations;
(3)	when necessary for the protection of human life or person or for the protection of property and it would be difficult to obtain the consent of the concerned individual;
(4)	when particularly necessary to enhance public health or promote the sound development of children and it would be difficult to obtain the consent of the concerned individual; and
(5)	when it is necessary to cooperate with the performance of administration by the national government or a local governmental body as prescribed in laws and regulations and notifying the concerned individual would impede the performance of such administration.
management of service providersin cases where the ted group outsources the handling of personal information to a service provider, it shall take appropriate measures including the conclusion of agreements to ensure the secure handling of personal information within the scope of the outsourced services.
management of service providers
in cases where the ted group outsources the handling of personal information to a service provider, it shall take appropriate measures including the conclusion of agreements to ensure the secure handling of personal information within the scope of the outsourced services.
security managementthe ted group shall take necessary measures and perform appropriate management to prevent leaks, loss, alteration, and so on of personal information.              the ted group shall perform necessary and appropriate supervision of its officers, employees, and others, and service providers who handle personal data.
security management
the ted group shall take necessary measures and perform appropriate management to prevent leaks, loss, alteration, and so on of personal information.              the ted group shall perform necessary and appropriate supervision of its officers, employees, and others, and service providers who handle personal data.
requests for disclosure, etc. of personal informationthe ted group shall respond appropriately to requests for the disclosure, correction, deletion, or discontinuation of use of personal information in its possession. further information on requests for disclosure can be found here.
requests for disclosure, etc. of personal information
the ted group shall respond appropriately to requests for the disclosure, correction, deletion, or discontinuation of use of personal information in its possession. further information on requests for disclosure can be found here.
joint usein some instances, the ted group engages in joint use of personal data with group companies including overseas subsidiaries.(1)	personal information subject to joint use            submitted personal data (name, address, name of employer, division/department, title, age, gender, telephone number, email address, etc.)(2)	scope of joint users            tokyo electron device limited group companies (including overseas subsidiaries            refer to the company profile for the names of specific companies and other information.https://www.teldevice.co.jp/eng/company/profile.html(3)	purposes of use            personal information is subject to joint use to the extent of the purposes of use set forth above in 4 (1), (3), (4), and (5).(4)	name, address, and representative of company with responsibility for managing personal data            atsushi tokushige, president            tokyo electron device limited            yokohama east square            1-4, kinko-cho, kanagawa-ku, yokohama city, kanagawa prefecture
joint use
in some instances, the ted group engages in joint use of personal data with group companies including overseas subsidiaries.
(1)	personal information subject to joint use            submitted personal data (name, address, name of employer, division/department, title, age, gender, telephone number, email address, etc.)
(2)	scope of joint users            tokyo electron device limited group companies (including overseas subsidiaries            refer to the company profile for the names of specific companies and other information.https://www.teldevice.co.jp/eng/company/profile.html
(3)	purposes of use            personal information is subject to joint use to the extent of the purposes of use set forth above in 4 (1), (3), (4), and (5).
(4)	name, address, and representative of company with responsibility for managing personal data            atsushi tokushige, president            tokyo electron device limited            yokohama east square            1-4, kinko-cho, kanagawa-ku, yokohama city, kanagawa prefecture
contact information for inquiries relating to the protection of personal informationplease submit inquiries and complaints regarding requests for disclosure, etc. of personal information specified in 8 above and other matters relating to the protection of personal information as indicated below.            personal information protection manager, general affairs department            tokyo electron device, ltd.            yokohama east square            1-4 kinko-cho, kanagawa-ku, yokohama city, kanagawa prefecture 221-0056            telephone: +81-45-443-4000            facsimile: +81-45-443-4050            personal information protection consultation desk: if you don't see email address, enable javascript.
contact information for inquiries relating to the protection of personal information
please submit inquiries and complaints regarding requests for disclosure, etc. of personal information specified in 8 above and other matters relating to the protection of personal information as indicated below.            personal information protection manager, general affairs department            tokyo electron device, ltd.            yokohama east square            1-4 kinko-cho, kanagawa-ku, yokohama city, kanagawa prefecture 221-0056            telephone: +81-45-443-4000            facsimile: +81-45-443-4050            personal information protection consultation desk: if you don't see email address, enable javascript.
for residents of california (california consumer privacy act)
policy to safeguard personal information on the website
cookies
the tokyo electron device limited (“ted”) website (referred to as the “website”) uses cookies to display optimal information in order to enhance the convenience of website users and for statistical analysis of viewing status and so on.
what are cookies?a cookie is a small text file that is saved on the customer’s computer (or other device that can access the internet such as a smartphone or tablet) when accessing the website. by using cookies, ted is able to obtain information such as the number of times that a computer has accessed the website and which pages were viewed. the website also uses technologies that are similar to cookies including pixel tags and javascript to collect information. in this policy, cookies and these other similar technologies are collectively referred to as “cookies.”the cookie function can be disabled using the settings of your web browser. even if cookies are disabled, it is still possible to use the website. if cookies are disabled, however, it may not be possible to use some functions of the website and some pages may not be displayed properly. please also note that you may not be able to use certain services offered by ted.
what are cookies?
a cookie is a small text file that is saved on the customer’s computer (or other device that can access the internet such as a smartphone or tablet) when accessing the website. by using cookies, ted is able to obtain information such as the number of times that a computer has accessed the website and which pages were viewed. the website also uses technologies that are similar to cookies including pixel tags and javascript to collect information. in this policy, cookies and these other similar technologies are collectively referred to as “cookies.”
the cookie function can be disabled using the settings of your web browser. even if cookies are disabled, it is still possible to use the website. if cookies are disabled, however, it may not be possible to use some functions of the website and some pages may not be displayed properly. please also note that you may not be able to use certain services offered by ted.
purposes of use of cookiested uses cookies for the purposes described below.(1) to facilitate improvement of the behavior, structure, and content of the website.          by using cookies on the website, ted is able to determine a customer’s website viewing history, viewing time, and the name of the domain from which the website was accessed. this information collected through the use of cookies is used to improve the content of the website.          please note that it is not possible to identify customers through the use of cookies.          (2) to collect and analyze data in a manner that does not allow for the identification of individuals to facilitate the enhancement of customer convenience          the website collects and analyzes cookies in a manner that does not allow for the identification of individuals and uses the information to enhance customer convenience.          the analytical tools listed below are the primary means of collecting and analyzing cookies. please refer to the privacy policies of the respective service providers for information regarding the handling of cookies and logs by each service provider.        google analytics (tool provider: google inc.)         ・privacy policy        ・opt-out browser add-onuser insight (tool provider: user local, inc.)         ・privacy policy         ・opting out: set on your browser(3) behavioral targeting advertising may be distributed by the website and advertising distribution service providers with which ted has partnered.
purposes of use of cookies
ted uses cookies for the purposes described below.
(1) to facilitate improvement of the behavior, structure, and content of the website.          by using cookies on the website, ted is able to determine a customer’s website viewing history, viewing time, and the name of the domain from which the website was accessed. this information collected through the use of cookies is used to improve the content of the website.          please note that it is not possible to identify customers through the use of cookies.
(2) to collect and analyze data in a manner that does not allow for the identification of individuals to facilitate the enhancement of customer convenience          the website collects and analyzes cookies in a manner that does not allow for the identification of individuals and uses the information to enhance customer convenience.          the analytical tools listed below are the primary means of collecting and analyzing cookies. please refer to the privacy policies of the respective service providers for information regarding the handling of cookies and logs by each service provider.
google analytics (tool provider: google inc.)         ・privacy policy        ・opt-out browser add-on
user insight (tool provider: user local, inc.)         ・privacy policy         ・opting out: set on your browser
(3) behavioral targeting advertising may be distributed by the website and advertising distribution service providers with which ted has partnered.
request to minors
we request that when minors use the website and input personal information, they do so only after obtaining approval from a parent or guardian.
supplementary information
ted is not responsible for protecting the personal information of customers on third-party websites linked on the website.

terms of use
privacy policy
site map
contact us
copyright©tokyo electron device ltd. all rights reserved.
