we are hiring!hiring!
from seattle, wa
login
u.s. english u.s. englishdeutsch简体中文日本語português
u.s. english
deutsch
简体中文
日本語
português
productscomputer on modulescomputer on modules overviewwhat is a computer on module (com)?apalis familyimx8 | tk1 | t30 | imx6verdin familyimx8m mini | imx8m pluscolibri familyimx8x | t30 | t20 | imx6 | imx7 | imx6ull | vf61 | vf50by soc     single board computerscarrier boards single board computerscarrier boards overviewsingle board computer configuratortoradex off-the-shelf carrier boardpartners off-the-shelf carrier boardbuild your own sbcdrag-and-drop carrier board designeraccessoriessoftwaretorizon  | torizoncore | torizoncore builder | visual studio code integration | remote updates | fleet monitoringembedded linux   more operating systems     tools and services   quick linksproduct selectorapalis imx8 embedded vision starter kitmaivin - modular full-stack ai vision system
computer on modulescomputer on modules overviewwhat is a computer on module (com)?apalis familyimx8 | tk1 | t30 | imx6verdin familyimx8m mini | imx8m pluscolibri familyimx8x | t30 | t20 | imx6 | imx7 | imx6ull | vf61 | vf50by soc     single board computerscarrier boards single board computerscarrier boards overviewsingle board computer configuratortoradex off-the-shelf carrier boardpartners off-the-shelf carrier boardbuild your own sbcdrag-and-drop carrier board designeraccessoriessoftwaretorizon  | torizoncore | torizoncore builder | visual studio code integration | remote updates | fleet monitoringembedded linux   more operating systems     tools and services   quick linksproduct selectorapalis imx8 embedded vision starter kitmaivin - modular full-stack ai vision system
computer on modules overview
what is a computer on module (com)?
apalis familyimx8 | tk1 | t30 | imx6
imx8 | tk1 | t30 | imx6
verdin familyimx8m mini | imx8m plus
imx8m mini | imx8m plus
colibri familyimx8x | t30 | t20 | imx6 | imx7 | imx6ull | vf61 | vf50
imx8x | t30 | t20 | imx6 | imx7 | imx6ull | vf61 | vf50
by soc

single board computerscarrier boards overview
single board computer configurator
toradex off-the-shelf carrier board
partners off-the-shelf carrier board
build your own sbc
drag-and-drop carrier board designer
accessories
torizon  | torizoncore | torizoncore builder | visual studio code integration | remote updates | fleet monitoring
| torizoncore | torizoncore builder | visual studio code integration | remote updates | fleet monitoring
embedded linux

more operating systems

tools and services

product selector
apalis imx8 embedded vision starter kit
maivin - modular full-stack ai vision system
applications

developerstechnical supporttechnical support overviewdeveloper centertoradex communitytoradex labswebinars | live streamsblogvideosdesign your carrier boarddesign your carrier board overviewcarrier board designpinout designer toolhw service partnersdesign partnersquality and reliabilityquality and reliability overviewproduct complianceintended use and life-cyclepartner networkpartner network overviewcarrier boardsmachine learning / computer visionqt partnersproduct designcamera partnersembedded trainingmore
technical supporttechnical support overviewdeveloper centertoradex communitytoradex labswebinars | live streamsblogvideosdesign your carrier boarddesign your carrier board overviewcarrier board designpinout designer toolhw service partnersdesign partnersquality and reliabilityquality and reliability overviewproduct complianceintended use and life-cyclepartner networkpartner network overviewcarrier boardsmachine learning / computer visionqt partnersproduct designcamera partnersembedded trainingmore
technical support overview
developer center
toradex community
toradex labs
webinars | live streams
blog
videos
design your carrier board overview
carrier board design
pinout designer tool
hw service partners
design partners
quality and reliability overview
product compliance
intended use and life-cycle
partner network overview
carrier boards
machine learning / computer vision
qt partners
product design
camera partners
embedded training
more
about usabout usabout toradexwhy toradexcareerslocationsour officeseuropetoradex agamericatoradex inc. | toradex brasilasia pacifictoradex systems (bangalore - india) | toradex systems (delhi - india) | toradex (china) | toradex japan k.k. |  toradex (vina)distributorsdistributor overviewindiajapansingaporesouth korearesourceseventsnewsnewsletter
about usabout toradexwhy toradexcareerslocationsour officeseuropetoradex agamericatoradex inc. | toradex brasilasia pacifictoradex systems (bangalore - india) | toradex systems (delhi - india) | toradex (china) | toradex japan k.k. |  toradex (vina)distributorsdistributor overviewindiajapansingaporesouth korearesourceseventsnewsnewsletter
about toradex
why toradex
careers
our offices
europetoradex ag
toradex ag
americatoradex inc. | toradex brasil
toradex inc. | toradex brasil
asia pacifictoradex systems (bangalore - india) | toradex systems (delhi - india) | toradex (china) | toradex japan k.k. |  toradex (vina)
toradex systems (bangalore - india) | toradex systems (delhi - india) | toradex (china) | toradex japan k.k. |  toradex (vina)
distributor overview
india
japan
singapore
south korea
events
news
newsletter
shopshoporder nowshopping cartexport compliancermaintended use and life-cycle
shoporder nowshopping cartexport compliancermaintended use and life-cycle
order now
shopping cart
export compliance
rma
intended use and life-cycle
privacy policy
released: july 30, 2018.last updated: july 30, 2018.
introduction.
the following privacy policy describes how we collect and process your personal information when you use our websites, shop, participate in our events, webinars, trainings or use our other services and offerings. we may update, modify or extend this privacy policy from time to time.
for the purposes of the eu gdpr (regulation (eu) 2016/679), toradex ag is the controller of your personal information. if you are in contact with a local subsidiary of toradex group, that subsidiary is a joint controller with toradex ag.
1. personal information we collect.
we collect personal information directly from you, from the company you work for, automatically through our websites, and from third-party sources.
business contact and communication. when you or your company get in contact with us, for instance to buy our products or services, to cooperate with toradex, or to get support, it’s necessary to get your contact details. in this context, you or your company may provide us with your personal information, such as your name, email address, title, function, geographical address, financial and payment information, and other necessary information.
account and events registration. on our websites, you can register a personal account or register to participate in our events, trainings and webinars. we collect registration-related personal information which includes your name, company, email address, phone number, or other details as shown in the registration form.
newsletter and update subscriptions. when you subscribe to our newsletter, to product or website updates, we collect subscription-related personal information which includes your name, company, email address, or other details as shown in the subscription form.
toradex community. you can register an account and post questions and answers about our products and services on the toradex community platform (community.toradex.com). we collect registration-related personal information which includes your name, company, email address, user name, location, or other details as shown in the registration form or your account’s preferences page.
automatically collected information. although you are not required to disclose your name, email address, or other personal information when visiting our websites, we use cookies to improve the functionality and user experience and web analyzing tools to gather metrics about user access and the use of our websites, which contain your ip address, geographic location, log-in name, and other information. please see section 4. “cookies and other technologies” for a detailed description.
information from third-party sources. part of our business is to get in contact with potential customers and partners through generally accessible sources, among which are public websites or social media channels. while we only serve and partner up with businesses, we may also process and store contact details of a person directly linked to the potential customer or partner, which include the name, email address, user name, title, function, or the geographic location.
2. how we use personal information.
providing products and services. we use your personal information when you order our products, request support and other services, or otherwise contact toradex in connection with our offerings. this includes every aspect necessary to perform the successful delivery of our products, support or other services to you, as well as maintaining records of such transactions and communications.
we have to forward your personal information to our logistics partners for the shipments of our products to you. our logistics partners are located in germany and switzerland for european and world-wide shipments, in the usa for shipments within the americas and world-wide shipments, as well as in india, china, brazil and japan for local shipments within these countries. we also have to process your bank account information you provided during the ordering process. the banks involved in a financial transaction depend on your and your bank’s location as well as the toradex entity with which you placed your orders.
if you use our return material authorization (rma) services, we have to process your personal information related to the products you intend to return to toradex for repair or replacement.
operating our websites. we use your personal information to make several functionalities of our websites work. when you set up an account on our websites we use the registration-related personal information to identify you and to grant access to your account information. on the toradex community platform (community.toradex.com) your user name will be visible for all visitors of the website. when you post articles or questions on our websites, you are required to be logged in to your website account and user name will be shown with your postings. your email address will not be shown to other users, but it is visible for us. other account information, including your activity, joining date, reputation, number of followers and of users you are following, percentage of your answers marked as correct, earned badges, and information you actively add to your profile, will be visible only for registered users.
we collect and analyze data about your actions on our websites. this data is used in a pseudonymized manner for internal research purposes, which include metrics and analyzation of user access to our and third-parties webpages and improvement of user experience. please see section 4. “cookies and other technologies” for a detailed description.
contacting our customers and partners. we use your personal information to manage our relationship with you, to contact you about our products and services and your accounts with toradex, to inform you in case of potential problems with products and services, to receive information from you and to send information to you about compliance-related matters or legal notices.
delivering product, marketing and events communication. we use your personal information for sending you product and services related information. you may opt out anytime of receiving such information from us by following the instructions contained in the respective emails (unsubscribe).
newsletters: we will send you periodic newsletters after you opted in for a subscription. the newsletters contain interesting information about toradex events, trainings or webinars, news from our partners, special product promotions and programs, product updates, blog articles and software updates.
product updates: we will send you information about hardware changes of products you purchased from us, such as version changes of modules or carrier boards, last-time buy options, compliance information, or similar information relevant for the sustainable use of our products.
surveys: we use your personal information to contact you, by email or via our web site, to ask you for the participation in surveys. such surveys are meant to ask questions about how we can make our products and services better and more suitable for you.
trainings, webinars, other events: when you subscribe to join a training, webinar or other event with us or our partners, we use your personal information you provided in the subscription for the organization and realization of the training, webinar or event. this includes your name, email address, title, function, geographical address, financial and payment information, and other necessary information. we will usually contact you after the training, webinar or event for your feedback and your interest in our products and services.
targeted advertising: we may use your personal information in a pseudonymized form for the delivery of targeted ads, promotions and other information about products and services from us or our partners on our websites. please see section 4. “cookies and other technologies” for a detailed description.
meeting legal obligations and preventing misuse. we use your personal information to meet our legal obligations, in particular to comply with commercial, accounting, export control, customs and tax regulations, for instance to retain information during a specific period of time (see section 8. “storage periods”), or to maintain traceability of our products through serial numbers, product numbers, sales orders, and the like.
we use anti-malware and email filters to protect our employees, customers, partners and business from fraudulent or inappropriate software and emails. this means that when you send us a file or an email, your personal information, e.g. email address, name, ip address, content, are filtered by our servers or the servers of a third-party provider to make sure that the file or email does not contain any malware or unwanted content.
3. legal basis for the processing of personal information.
the legal basis for the processing of personal information depends on the specific purpose of the processing. when you explicitly accept this privacy policy during the ordering process or a subscription process, you give your consent to the uses of your personal information described in section 2. “how we use personal information”. in addition, the following legal bases apply for the processing of personal information:
providing products and services. the processing of personal information with respect to products and services we provide is necessary for the performance of the contract with you or in order to take the necessary steps prior to entering into a contract you request. to some extent the processing is also necessary to comply with the legal obligations we are subject to.
operating our websites. when using our online shop, the processing of personal information is necessary prior to entering into a contract you request with us. with the placement of an order, the processing of personal information is necessary for the performance of the contract. when you register for an account on our websites, the processing of personal information is to some extent necessary to provide the service you requested. additionally, you give your explicit consent to the processing in the subscription or account registration process. with regards to cookies and online tracking technologies, such as google analytics, the lawfulness of the processing is based on your consent and on our legitimate interests.
contacting our customers and partners. we process your personal data to contact you in order to fulfill our contracts with you; to comply with legal obligations; based on your consent to the respective processing, usually by your acceptance of this privacy policy; as well as based on our legitimate interests.
delivering product, marketing and events communication. we process your personal information for delivering product, marketing and events communication to you based on different legal bases. the processing can be based on your consent, is necessary to perform our contractual obligations, or is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests.
we send you newsletters and product updates information after you gave your explicit consent to subscribe to the newsletter list or to subscribe to the respective product updates. we send invitations to participate in surveys when you have accepted this privacy policy or based on our legitimate interests. the processing of personal information for trainings, webinars and other events is based on your consent to join such events. the processing of personal information for the delivery of targeted ads, promotions and other information about products and services from us or our partners is based on your explicit consent and our legitimate interests.
meeting legal obligations and preventing misuse. the processing of personal information in connection with meeting legal obligations and preventing misuse is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, necessary for the performance of the contract with you, carried out in the public interest, and based on our legitimate interests.
4. cookies and other technologies.
we use cookies to store and process some of your personal information in a pseudonymized manner.
what are cookies. cookies are messages that are passed onto your web browser when you visit a website or web application. cookies are stored as small text files on your computer. cookies can be temporary, which are deleted when you close the browser, or persistent, which stay on in your browser over a period of time until you manually delete it, or it will delete itself depending on its configuration. the duration of persistent cookies on your system also depend on your browser settings.
cookies typically collect information about the different web pages you visited, your location, duration spent on each web page, information you have sent through your browser, such as your name and interests, language setting, etc. cookies are like identification cards being created so that the next time you visit the same web page, it will be customized according to your preferences.
why do we use cookies. we use cookies in order to make our websites work efficiently, and to provide a better experience for visitors on our websites. by tracking website activities through cookies, we can gather information about webpage hits and how well the website performs. we use cookies to provide you with a personalized web experience when you visit our websites.
we do not have access to your personal information directly through a cookie. however, we may link information contained in a cookie to the personal information collected from you by other means (e.g., general website and/or application registration through our websites during product purchases). once you fill your personal details like name, address, etc. into forms on our websites, we use this information as per directions from you, and give the details to our partner companies only.
how do we use cookies. we use cookies for the following purposes:
for storing information of your online shop orders;
for storing your login details and registration details;
to decrease the loading time of our websites;
to send information to other websites to enable user-specific advertisements;
to send information to other toradex and partner companies;
to find out which of our pages are visited the most;
to find out the demographics of the visitors;
to find out the product and language preferences of the visitors;
to better tailor our websites according to the visitor’s preferences for the next visit;
to use all the above details to improve the structure, appeal, and content of our websites.
how you can change your cookie settings. you can set your web browser to warn you before accepting cookies. you also have the option to set your browser settings to refuse cookies, although you may not have access to all the features on our websites if you do so. please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings.
5. how we share personal information.
we share personal information in different ways and with different entities depending on the purpose of the processing.
affiliates: we may share information with our toradex affiliates.
banks, paypal: we may share information with banks in order to process wire transactions. if you requested to use paypal for payments, we may also share such information with paypal.
business partners: we may share information with business partners for the performance of our contracts. for instance, we will forward your information to our logistics partner and carriers for dispatch and shipment of our products to you.
authorities and other parties: we may share information with authorities when required by law or when necessary to protect our users, customers, partners, and our own interests. in particular, we may share your information to perform export compliance screenings on official search engines provided by authorities or other parties. we may also share information with anti-malware and email filtering service companies to screen emails and files you send us.
6. international transfers.
we may transfer your personal information to our affiliates in other countries. this transfer requires that the other country provides an adequate level of protection for personal information as the european union and switzerland. otherwise, if the other country does not provide for an adequate level of protection by law, toradex implements suitable safeguards before the transfer of information to affiliates in such other countries.
7. storage periods.
we store your personal information depending on the purpose of the processing of such information.
if you purchase products or services from us, we are required by law to retain any information relevant for the business transaction for accounting and bookkeeping reasons. this period is formally set to at least ten years. besides commercial regulatory requirements, tax and customs laws set similar retention periods. finally, product liability laws provide for statutory limitations of at least ten years. due to such legal requirements and time overlaps, we keep information related to business transactions at least twelve years in our systems. we will keep your business-related information, e.g. company name, company address, telephone number, website, etc., in our systems for an indefinite period of time.
if you have signed up for our newsletters, product updates, trainings, webinars, other events, we will add your information into our system for an indefinite period of time, or until you unsubscribe from such contact lists.
8. your rights regarding personal information.
provided that no legal or compliance reasons require otherwise, you have the following rights:
you can obtain information about the personal information concerning you that is processed by toradex, including:
the purposes of the processing,
the categories of personal data,
recipients or categories of recipient to whom the personal information have been or will be disclosed,
the storage period,
rectification, erasure, or restriction of processing of your personal information,
right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority,
available information as to the source of where the personal information was obtained from,
the appropriate safeguards when the personal information was transferred to a third country,
a copy of the personal information undergoing processing;
you can object to the processing of your personal information by toradex, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of the contract with you, or it is necessary for legal and compliance obligations.
9. automated decision-making.
we don’t make decisions based solely on automated processing of your personal information.
10. links to other websites.
our websites may link to third-party websites or services and we may embed content from third-party websites or services on our websites. toradex is not under control of such websites and services and we hereby exclude any responsibility for them.
11. toradex contact information.
the controller of your personal information is:
toradex agebenaustrasse 106048 horw, switzerlandtelephone: +41 41 500 48 00info@toradex.com
the data protection officer designated for toradex can be reached under the following contact details:
toradex agdata protection officerebenaustrasse 106048 horw, switzerlandcompliance@toradex.com
12. changes to this privacy policy.
we may update, modify or extend this privacy policy from time to time and will publish the changed privacy policy on this page.
13. trademark notes.
toradex is a trademark of toradex group ag. facebook is a trademark of facebook, inc. google, google adwords, google analytics, and youtube are trademarks of google llc. linkedin is a trademark of linkedin corp. paypal is a trademark of paypal, inc. twitter is a trademark of twitter, inc.
system on modules
single board computers
torizon
accessories
board design services
software development services
manufacturing services
developer center
toradex community
toradex labs
quality and reliability
product compliance
contact us
sitemap
careers
legal notice
privacy policy
feedback

link copied
