home
what we doseeunderstandimproveofferings
see
understand
improve
offerings
our story
resourcescustomer success storiesdigital supply chain seriesdigital supply chain blogvideoscareersprivacy
customer success stories
digital supply chain series
digital supply chain blog
videos
careers
privacy
about
contact us
home
what we doseeunderstandimproveofferings
see
understand
improve
offerings
our story
resourcescustomer success storiesdigital supply chain seriesdigital supply chain blogvideoscareersprivacy
customer success stories
digital supply chain series
digital supply chain blog
videos
careers
privacy
about
contact us
privacy
transvoyant privacy policy
this privacy policy governs the manner in which transvoyant (“transvoyant,” “we” or “us”) collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users ( “you” or a “user”) of the www.transvoyant.com website (the “site”), through the software applications made available by us for use on or through computers or mobile devices (the “apps”), through our social media pages that we control from which you are accessing this privacy policy (collectively, our “social media pages”) and other products and services offered by transvoyant in connection with which you are accessing this privacy policy (collectively, including the site, the apps and the social media pages, the “services”). by providing personal information to us or using the services, you agree to the terms and conditions of this privacy policy.

privacy shield
transvoyant complies with the eu-us privacy shield framework and the swiss-us privacy shield framework as set forth by the us department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from european union and the united kingdom and switzerland to the united states, respectively. transvoyant has certified to the department of commerce that it adheres to the privacy shield principles. if there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy policy and the privacy shield principles, the privacy shield principles shall govern. to learn more about the privacy shield program, and to view our certification page, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
the federal trade commission (ftc) has jurisdiction over transvoyant’s compliance with the privacy shield.
in compliance with the eu-us and swiss-us privacy shield principles, transvoyant commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and our collection or use of your personal information. european union, the united kingdom or swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact transvoyant at support@transvoyant.com.
transvoyant has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints under the privacy shield principles to an independent dispute resolution mechanism, the bbb eu privacy shield, operated by bbb national programs. if you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint, or if your complaint is not satisfactorily addressed, please visit https://bbbprograms.org/privacy-shield-complaints/ for more information and to file a complaint. this service is provided free of charge to you.
if neither transvoyant nor bbb eu privacy shield resolves your complaint, you may have the possibility to engage in binding arbitration through the privacy shield panel.
pursuant to the privacy shield, transvoyant remains liable for the transfer of personal data to third parties acting as our agents unless we can prove we were not a party to the events giving rise to the damages.

personal information
personal information we may collect
“personal information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable person, including:
name
email address
address
telephone number
social media account ids
job application information for us-based positions
if you submit any personal information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.

how we may collect personal information
we and our service providers may collect personal information from:
you, when you voluntarily provide it to us through the services
you, when you request access to our whitepapers, webinars, and industry briefs that are hosted on affiliated sites
you, when you apply online for a job with us for us-based positions
your employer, if you are issued an account to use the apps as a part of your job
social media sources when you follow us or reference us in posts
how we may use personal information
transvoyant may use personal information for the following purposes:
to respond to your inquiries and fulfill your requests.
to send administrative information to you, such as information regarding the services and changes to our terms, conditions and policies.
to send periodic emails to you, including emails promoting our products and services. you may unsubscribe from receiving marketing emails from us by following the unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each such email.
for our business purposes, such as data analysis; audits; developing new products; enhancing, improving or modifying our services; identifying usage trends; determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and operating and expanding our business activities.
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.
how personal information may be disclosed
we do not sell, trade, or rent your personal information. your personal information may be disclosed by us in the following ways:
to our third-party service providers that perform marketing and lead generation activities. we maintain contractual relationship with any of these types of providers to ensure that they adhere to the same privacy principles as we do.
to a third party in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings).
as we believe to be necessary or appropriate: (a) under applicable law; (b) to comply with legal process; (c) to respond to requests from public and government authorities; (d) to enforce our terms and conditions; (e) to protect our operations or those of any of our affiliates; (f) to protect our rights, privacy, safety or property, and/or that of our affiliates, you or others; and (g) to allow us to pursue available remedies or limit the damages that we may sustain.

what personal information we process for our customers
through the use of our products and services, our customers may transfer personal data to us. some of this data may contain your personal information. this information is limited to:
name
email
phone number (if you decided to opt-in for text messages)
address of a shipment we track (it may be your home address)
how we process personal information for our customers
the above personal information will only be used to track a shipment our customer is sending to you. the information is only used to track and verify the shipment and is not used in research or aggregations unless stripped of any personally identifiable attributes.
other information
“other information” is any information that does not reveal your specific identity or does not directly relate to an individual, such as:
browser and device information
app usage data
information collected through cookies, pixel tags and other technologies
demographic information and other information provided by you
aggregated information
how we may collect other information
we and our third-party service providers may collect other information in a variety of ways, including:
through your browser or device: certain information is collected by most browsers or automatically through your device, such as your media access control (mac) address, computer type (windows or macintosh), screen resolution, operating system name and version, device manufacturer and model, language, internet browser type and version and the name and version of the services you are using. we use this information to ensure that the services function properly.
through your use of the app: when you use the app, we and our service providers may track and collect app usage data, such as the date and time the app on your device accesses our servers and what information and files have been downloaded to the app based on your device information.
using cookies: cookies are pieces of information stored directly on the computer that you are using. cookies allow us to maintain your login session, collect information such as browser type, time spent on the services, pages visited, language preferences and other anonymous traffic data. we and our service providers use the information for security purposes, to facilitate navigation, to display information more effectively and to personalize your experience while using the services. we also gather statistical information about use of the services in order to continually improve their design and functionality, understand how they are used and assist us with resolving questions about them. cookies further allow us to select which content is most likely to appeal to you and display it while you are on the services. we may also use cookies to track responses to our marketing or advertisements.

if you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows you to automatically decline cookies, or be given the choice of declining or accepting the transfer to your computer of a particular cookie (or cookies) from a particular site. you may also wish to refer to http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/index.html. if, however, you do not accept these cookies, you may experience some inconvenience in your use of the services. for example, we may not be able to recognize your computer, and you may need to log in every time you visit the applicable services.
through website usage analytics:we use google analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect information about use of the sites anonymously and reports website trends, without identifying individual visitors. this information, which google may collect by tracking a user’s behavior across third-party websites, helps us to learn more about our users. you can learn about google’s practices in connection with this information collection and opt out of it by downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, available athttps://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.we use hubspot for website analytics and to process contact form submissions on our website. these website analytics are anonymous until you send us a form submission with your contact information.
we use google analytics, which uses cookies and other, similar technologies to collect information about use of the sites anonymously and reports website trends, without identifying individual visitors. this information, which google may collect by tracking a user’s behavior across third-party websites, helps us to learn more about our users. you can learn about google’s practices in connection with this information collection and opt out of it by downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, available athttps://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
we use hubspot for website analytics and to process contact form submissions on our website. these website analytics are anonymous until you send us a form submission with your contact information.
using pixel tags and other similar technologies: pixel tags (also known as web beacons and clear gifs) may be used in connection with some services to, among other things, track the actions of users, measure the success of our marketing campaigns and compile statistics about use of the services.
using adobe flash technology (including flash local shared objects (“flash lsos”)) and other similar technologies: we may use flash lsos and other technologies to, among other things, collect and store information about your use of the services. if you do not want flash lsos stored on your computer, you can adjust the settings of your flash player to block flash lso storage using the tools contained in thewebsite storage settings panel. you can also control flash lsos by going to the global storage settings paneland following the instructions (which may include instructions that explain, for example, how to delete existing flash lsos (referred to “information” on the macromedia site), how to prevent flash lsos from being placed on your computer without your being asked, and (for flash player 8 and later) how to block flash lsos that are not being delivered by the operator of the page you are on at the time). please note that setting the flash player to restrict or limit acceptance of flash lsos may reduce or impede the functionality of some flash applications, including, potentially, flash applications used in connection with the services or our online content.
ip address: your ip address is an identifier that is automatically assigned to the computer that you are using by your internet service provider (isp). an ip address may be identified and logged automatically in our server log files whenever a user accesses the services, along with the time of the visit and the page(s) that were visited. collecting ip addresses is standard practice and is done automatically by many websites, applications and other services. we use ip addresses for purposes such as calculating the services’ use levels, helping diagnose server problems and administering the services.
physical location: we may collect the physical location of your device by, for example, using satellite, cell phone tower, bluetooth, or wifi signals. we may use your device’s physical location to provide you with personalized location-based services and content. in some instances, you may be permitted to allow or deny such use of your device’s location, but, if you do, we may not be able to provide you with the applicable personalized services and content.
from you: information such as your preferred means of communication is collected when you voluntarily provide it. unless combined with personal information, it does not personally identify you.
by aggregating information: aggregated personal information does not personally identify you or any other user.

how we may use and disclose other information
we may use and disclose other information for any purpose, except where we are required to do otherwise under applicable law. if we are required to treat other information as personal information under applicable law, then we may use it for all the purposes for which we use and disclose personal information.
under certain circumstances transvoyant may remain liable for the acts of third parties who perform services on our behalf for their handling of personal data that we transfer to them.
please be aware that transvoyant may be required to disclose an individual’s personal information in response to a lawful request by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
we may combine other information with personal information. if we do, we will treat the combined information as personal information as long as it is combined.

how we protect personal information
we seek to use reasonable organizational, technical and administrative measures to protect against unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of personal information within our organization. unfortunately, no data transmission or storage system can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. if you have reason to believe that your interaction with us is no longer secure, please immediately notify us in accordance with the “contacting us” section below.

eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) compliance
transvoyant has setup a process to comply with gdpr-related requests about your personal information. if you have a question or concern about your personal data that we may have collected, please contact us at support@transvoyant.com. see the right of access section below for more information.

right of access
if you would like to review, correct, update, suppress or delete personal information that you have provided to us, you may contact usat support@transvoyant.com. in your request, please make clear what personal information you would like to have changed, whether you would like to have it suppressed from our database, or otherwise let us know what limitations you would like to put on our use of the personal information you have provided to us. for your protection, we may only implement requests with respect to the personal information associated with the particular email address that you use to send us your request, and we may need to verify your identity before implementing your request. we will try to comply with your request as soon as reasonably practicable.

please note that we may need to retain certain information for record keeping purposes and/or to complete any transactions that you began prior to requesting such change or deletion. there may also be residual information that will remain within our databases and other records, which will not be removed.

third party websites
you may find content on our services that link to the sites and services of our partners, suppliers, advertisers, sponsors, licensors and other third parties. we do not control the content or links that appear on these sites and are not responsible for their practices. the inclusion of a link on the services does not imply endorsement of the linked site or service by us or our affiliates.

retention period
we will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.

use of the services by minors
the services are not directed to individuals under the age of thirteen (13), and we request that these individuals not provide personal information through the services.

cross-border transfer
the services are controlled and operated by us from the united states and are not intended to subject us to the laws or jurisdiction of any state, country or territory other than that of the united states. we use 3rdparty data centers in the united states for hosting the servers and databases powering the services. your personal data will be stored on these servers in an encrypted form which is only readable by us. by using the services, you consent to the transfer of information to the united states, which may have different data protection rules than those of your country.

changes to this privacy policy
transvoyant has the discretion to update this privacy policy at any time. when we do, we will revise the updated date at the top of the document, and any changes will become effective when we post the revised privacy policy to the services. we encourage users to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we are helping to protect the personal information we collect. your use of the services following these changes means that you accept the revised privacy policy.

contacting us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy or our practices, please contact us at:

transvoyant, inc.attn: customer support
5845 richmond highwayalexandria, virginia 22303(703) 778-3500support@transvoyant.com

because email communications are not always secure, please do not include other sensitive information in your emails to us.

effective 31-dec-2021
transvoyant
© 2022 transvoyant, all rights reserved
home
about
privacy
careers
contact
