home
marketers
publishers
ad tech companies
privacy
about us
blog
privacy notice
updated: august 12, 2020
website privacy policy (www.traversedata.com)
traverse data, inc. (“traverse,” “we,” “us,” “our”)  is a data-driven service provider that delivers secure data licensing, matching, distribution, activation, and monetization solutions to the digital ecosystem.
our aim is to help our publisher clients supplement their advertising revenue, while providing our business partners with the means to offer more accurate data products to their customers. as a result, the market will see enhanced targeted display advertisements, send more relevant email offers, and craft accurate marketing attribution models.
this privacy policy applies solely to the information we collect and use on our corporate websites, including www.traversedata.com (collectively referred to as the “site”), and does not apply to our data matching and advertising related services (“traverse products”). please see our product privacy policy for information on our privacy practices and your choices as they relate to traverse products and services.
our privacy policy explains:
what information we collect
how we may use that information
what choices you have with our collection and use of the information
we take your privacy seriously and encourage you to review our privacy policy. if you have questions about our privacy practices, please contact us at privacy@traversedata.com.
quick reference
types of information we collecthow we use the information we collectsharing your informationyour choicesdata security and retentionchildrencalifornia privacy disclosuresthird-party websites and social networkschanges and updates to this privacy policycontacting traverse
types of information we collect
information you provide us
you may choose to voluntarily directly provide certain personal information to us — such as your first and last name, company, email address, postal address, and/or telephone number. for example, you provide this information to us when you fill out a form, send traverse a message requesting product and service information, or contact us with questions about this privacy policy. any information we retain would be used to assure the delivery of the services or information you requested, manage any follow-up questions you may have, and to tailor personalized communications or promotions to you in the future.
information collected automatically
we (or our third party service providers, which include advertising networks and other data brokers) may automatically collect information from your browser or your mobile device when you interact with the site. for example, this could include your web request, browser type, ip address, mobile device ids, or the frequency and duration of your visits to the site. if you visit the site on different devices, we may link the information we collect from those different devices to help us provide a consistent experience or to provide you relevant traverse advertisements in the future. if we do combine any automatically collected information with personal information, we will treat the combined information as personal information, and it will be protected as per this privacy policy.
cookies, pixels and other similar technologies
we (or our third party service providers, which include advertising networks and other data brokers) use cookies, pixel tags and similar technologies to identify your browser or mobile device. like many services, traverse uses these technologies to track visits to and across our site, analyze trends, gather demographic information about our site visitors (such as age range or zip code), and administer our site. we (or our service providers) may also use these technologies in connection with advertising of our services that may appear on other websites.
our site uses cookies, which are small text files that are stored on your computer or device when you visit certain online pages that record your preferences and actions. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but, if you prefer, you can usually modify your browser setting to disable or reject cookies. if you delete your cookies or if you set your web browser to decline cookies, some features of the website and/or online services that you are using may not work or may not work as designed. to learn more about cookies generally, and how to disable them, the interactive advertising bureau provides more information at http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
mobile device information
other technologies may also be used for similar purposes as cookies and pixels on platforms where cookies are not available or applicable, such as mobile device identifiers for advertising. most modern mobile devices running apple, android, and windows 10 (and above) operating systems provide mobile advertising identifiers. mobile operating systems come with options to reset these randomly-generated identifiers and limit targeted advertising across apps and online.
in addition to mobile device identifiers we may also collect device-specific information such as your operating system, hardware version, device settings, file and software names and types, and unique device identifiers. this helps us measure how the site is performing and improve the site for you on your particular device.
third-party tracking and analytics
we may use third-party data analytics services to evaluate your use of the service, compile reports on activity, collect demographic data, analyze performance metrics, and collect and evaluate other information relating to the service and mobile and internet usage. these third parties use cookies and other technologies as described above.
cookies may also be placed in your browser by third-party advertising companies to help deliver the ads you see online. these “third-party cookies” may be used to “remember” parts of your online activities in order to deliver ads tailored to your interests. for example, if you read an article online reviewing a movie you wish to see, a cookie may be used to note your interest in movies and television. as you continue to surf the web, you may see movie trailers and coupons to save money at movie theaters near you. please see “your choices…” below to learn about how to opt-out of targeted advertising.
information provided by third parties
we may work with companies who provide similar or complementary services to us (such as data brokers, advertising networks, and businesses that provide goods or services to consumers) to identify new customers or provide joint products and services. for example, we may co-host and webinar or event, and receive your personal information as a result of these interactions. in such an event, we will treat this information in accordance with this policy.
how we use the information we collect
we use your information, including the personal information you volunteer to us, for the purposes described in this privacy policy, including as set forth above under “information you provide us” and “information collected automatically”. in addition, we may use this information to provide, operate, manage, maintain and enhance our site. we may aggregate your information with other information and use it for reporting, research and analysis purposes, or for any other purpose for which the information was collected..
please see our product policy about how we use your information through our products and services.
sharing your information
we do not share personal information with third parties except for the limited circumstances set forth in this privacy policy and our product policy, including:
clients
unless you opt out of the sale of your information, we may share certain information about our website visitors and information about you to our clients, including but not limited to personal identifiers, internet or other electronic network activity information, and inferences drawn from this information. our clients include advertising networks, data brokers, and providers of products and services. this allows them to customize their websites or mobile applications, display personalized advertisements, perform marketing attribution analysis, or in the case of data brokers, to share your information with their clients for their advertising purposes. to learn more about how we share your information through our products and services, please visit our product policy.
service providers and partners
we work with certain vendors, service providers, and other partners to help us provide the site and other services by performing tasks on our behalf.  these services include, but are not limited to, lead validation, industry engagement, marketing and analytics. these entities may have access to your information (including your personal information) to help them perform these business functions. for example, allowing us to respond to your questions and provide you information about traverse products and services.
additionally, we may also share information with social networking (such as through a facebook “like” button) and other sites, applications or partners, for marketing and advertising our products or services on those sites and applications. generally, these third parties do not have the right to use your personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to assist us.
we use commercially reasonable efforts to contractually obligate these third parties to only use your personal information as necessary to provide us with their services, and to adhere to confidentiality and security obligations in a way that is consistent with this privacy policy.
aggregated information and non-identifying information
we may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly, including with users, partners or the press in order to, for example, demonstrate how traverse benefits our clients, spot industry trends, or provide marketing materials for traverse. any aggregated information shared this way will not contain any information that can be used to identify you, or allow a third party to contact you directly (for example your name or email address).
change of control
in the event that all or a portion of traverse or its assets are acquired by or merged with a third party, or in any other situation where personal information that we have collected would be one of the assets transferred to or acquired by that third party, we may disclose, share or transfer the information. you will be notified via email and/or a prominent notice on our website within thirty (30) days of any change of control or uses of your personal information, as well as any choices you may have regarding your personal information.
under such circumstances we would use commercially reasonable efforts to require the acquiring party to follow the practices described in this privacy policy, but we cannot guarantee that an acquiring company or the merged company will have the same privacy practices or treat your information the same as described in this privacy policy.
legal requirements
we may also use or disclose your information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (a) conform to applicable law or comply with valid legal process; (b) protect and defend our rights or property, the service or our clients, and (c) act under emergency circumstances to protect the personal safety of us, our affiliates, agents, our clients, or the public.
data security and retention
the security of your personal information is important to us. we use commercially reasonable security measures to protect your information, both during transmission and once we receive it. although we work hard to ensure the integrity and security of our information systems, no method of transmission or safeguard is 100% immune. therefore we cannot guarantee the security of your information.
we will retain your personal information for the length of time needed to fulfil the purposes outlined in the privacy policy and our product privacy policy. we we will not keep non-aggregated information for longer than one (1) year unless a longer retention period is required, requested contractually by our clients, or is required or permitted by law.
your choices
traverse endeavors to adhere to the transparency and choice principles set forth in the data and marketing association’s (dma) ethical guidelines and the digital advertising alliance’s (daa)  self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising.
if you wish to unsubscribe from receiving marketing emails from traverse or our clients, you may do so at any time by clicking the “unsubscribe” links at the bottom of the message, or sending an email to privacy@traversedata.com. please include the nature of your request in the subject line of the email. to opt-out of targeted advertising from us or our clients, or any other participating companies, please use the daa’s opt-out tool.
your browser or device may include “do not track” functionality. we do not currently monitor, recognize or honor any third party behavioral advertising opt-out or do not track mechanisms, including general web browser “do not track” functionality. if you wish to opt out of data collection by traverse on your current browser, you may use the “opt out” button at the bottom of the site.
children
the site and our services are not directed toward individuals under the age of sixteen (16), we do not knowingly collect personal information from such individuals, and we request that such individuals do not provide us with personal information. if we become aware that a child under 16 has provided us with personal information, then we will delete this information from our files. please send an email to privacy@traversedata.com to have a child’s information deleted.
california privacy disclosures
this section provides additional details about the personal information we collect about california residents and the rights they have under california law.
california consumer privacy protection act
to find out more about the personal information we have collected over the last 12 months, including the categories of sources, please see the types of information we collect section above. we collect this information for the business and commercial purposes described in the how we use the information we collect section above, including by selling personal information to our clients and data partners (please see below on how to opt-out of the sale of your personal information). we do not intentionally collect the personal information of california residents under the age of 16 and do not have actual knowledge that we have sold any such information.
the types of personal information we have sold to our clients and data partners during the preceding 12 months include identifiers (online identifier, internet protocol address, hashed email address), internet or other electronic network activity information (information regarding your interaction with an internet website, application, email, or advertisement), and inferences about you drawn from this information.
the types of personal information have disclosed for our business purposes during the preceding 12 months include identifiers (unique personal identifier or online identifier), internet or other electronic network activity information (information regarding your interaction with an internet website, application, email, or advertisement), and inferences about you drawn from this information.
under california law, california residents have the right to request that we disclose what personal information we collect, use, disclose, and sell. if you are a california resident, upon receipt of a verifiable request we will provide you with the specific pieces and categories of personal information that we have collected about you, the categories of sources for that information, the business or commercial purposes for collecting the information, and the categories of third parties with which the information was shared. under certain circumstances, california residents also have the right to request that we delete their personal information.
to submit a request to know, request to delete, or request to opt-out, please either submit your request through this webform or call +1 (800) 357-7078. if you choose to exercise your right to know, delete, or opt-out under california law, we will not treat you differently from any other user unless those differences are related to your information.
in order to verify your request to know or delete information, we may require you to provide us with your first name, last name, and email address. we may also require you to take certain actions, such as clicking on a verification link sent to your email address, or to provide us or our authorized agent with certain information to be used solely for the purpose of verifying your identity. you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf, provided that we are provided with a valid power of attorney and are able to verify the identity of the authorized agent.
shine the light
under california law, california residents who have an established business relationship with a company may choose to opt out of that company sharing their personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. if you are a california resident and you wish to request certain information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes, please send an e-mail to privacy@traversedata.com with “california shine the light” in the subject line, or contact us as set forth in the “contacting traverse” section below.
third-party websites and social network sites
we have no control over the privacy practices or the content of any third party websites to which we provide links or which may link to us. this includes websites that are owned or operated by our clients, business partners, advertisers, sponsors, or other third parties. as such, we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those third-party websites. you should check the applicable third-party privacy notice and terms of use when visiting any other websites.
changes and updates to this privacy policy
we may revise our privacy policy from time to time. we won’t reduce your rights under this privacy policy without your explicit consent. if we make any significant changes our privacy practices, or revise this privacy policy, we will post those changes to our site and other places we deem appropriate so that you are aware of such changes. you can see when the last update was by looking at the “last updated” data at the top of this page.
contacting traverse
if you have any questions or concerns about our collection, use, or disclosure of your personal information, please email is at privacy@traversedata.com, or, please write to us at:
privacytraverse data, inc.113 cherry street #66016seattle, wa 98104
subscribe to traverse updates
email*

(800) 357-7078 | 113 cherry street #66016, seattle, wa 98104copyright © 2020 traverse data, inc. all rights reserved. careers | contact us | privacy policy
you may opt out of traverse’s data collection on your current browser. opt out.
