
turnsmith, llc
website privacy statement
this website privacy statement (“privacy statement”) describes the types of information turnsmith, llc (“pi,” “we” or “our”) collects through www.turnsmith.com (this “site”), and how we use and share that information.
this privacy statement does not govern our collection of information through any website or other means, other than through this site.
by using this site, you accept the practices surrounding the collection, use and sharing of information in the manner described in this privacy statement.
this privacy statement is effective as of april 1, 2019.
1. collection of personal information and how we use it
you do not have to give us any personal information to browse this site.  however, you may be asked to provide personal information to register on this site, to submit information or request information from us, or to participate in other voluntary programs that we may offer through this site from time to time.  this information may include data such as your name, postal address, e-mail address, telephone number, address and other demographic information.
if you choose to share personal information through this site, pi may store and use that personal information for purposes of providing services offered through this site, responding to your questions, contacting you, whether by email or postal mail, with information about this site, our products or services, or for such other purposes as you may indicate at the time you submit the information.
2. collection of non-personal information and how we use it
we may collect non-personal information that includes, but is not limited to, the domain name of the website that allowed you to navigate to this site, search engines used, the internet protocol (ip) address used, the length of time spent on this site, the pages you looked at on this site, the type of internet browser you have, the frequency of visits and other relevant statistics.  pi may use this information to monitor use of this site and to develop ideas for improving this site.
3. use of cookies
when you visit this site, we examine your browser type to ensure compatibility between our applications and the various web browsers used to access this site.  we also collect aggregate information about your visit to this site automatically from cookies.  a “cookie” is a small piece of information sent by a web server to a web browser that enables the server to collect information from the browser.  we may use cookies on certain pages, for example, to eliminate the need for you to re-enter your password during a session.  we use cookies to identify you when you visit this site to keep track of your browsing patterns and to build a demographic profile.  cookies are stored on your hard drive and not on this site, so you can examine the data files and see what information is being recorded.  most cookies are “session cookies,” meaning that they are automatically deleted at the end of a session.  you are free to decline cookies if your browser permits, but, if you do so, you may be required to re-enter your previously submitted information.
4. information we share
we do not sell, rent, trade or otherwise share personal information about visitors to this site, except as described below:
subsidiaries and affiliates.  we may share personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates for the purposes for which you provided the information or as reasonably necessary for our internal administrative and business purposes.
subsidiaries and affiliates.  we may share personal information with our subsidiaries and affiliates for the purposes for which you provided the information or as reasonably necessary for our internal administrative and business purposes.
service providers.  we work with third parties that provide services offered through this site, or vendor services related to the operations of this site including information technology and website usage analytics services on pi’s behalf.  we may share personal information and non-personal information with these third parties for the purpose of enabling them to provide these services.
service providers.  we work with third parties that provide services offered through this site, or vendor services related to the operations of this site including information technology and website usage analytics services on pi’s behalf.  we may share personal information and non-personal information with these third parties for the purpose of enabling them to provide these services.
required by law.  we may disclose personal information or any information collected through this site if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to legal process, in response to a request from government officials or law enforcement authorities, or as necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of illegal activity.
required by law.  we may disclose personal information or any information collected through this site if we are required to do so by law or pursuant to legal process, in response to a request from government officials or law enforcement authorities, or as necessary or appropriate in connection with an investigation of illegal activity.
certain transactions.  we may disclose or transfer personal information or any information collected through this site to third parties who acquire a portion or all of pi’s business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a portion of our stock or assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
certain transactions.  we may disclose or transfer personal information or any information collected through this site to third parties who acquire a portion or all of pi’s business, whether such acquisition is by way of merger, consolidation or purchase of all or a portion of our stock or assets, or in connection with any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding brought by or against us.
5. your choices
you can always choose whether or not to provide personal information to this site.  however, if you choose not to disclose certain information, you may not be able to register, which may limit your access to certain portions of this site.
6. security
we take seriously the trust you place in us.  we use appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard the personal information collected through this site.  although we periodically review our security measures, we cannot guarantee the security of any information you transmit to us through or in connection with this site.  if you have reason to believe that any information you submit to this site is no longer secure, please notify us immediately by contacting us in accordance with section 11 below.
7. third party site links
this site contains links to various websites that pi does not control.  when you click on one of these links, you will no longer be navigating this site.  we do not exercise any control over any of the third-party websites that may be linked to this site.  these links are meant for the user’s convenience only and do not constitute sponsorship, endorsement or approval by pi of the content, policies, or practices of such websites or any products or services which may be offered through such websites.  once you have left this site, you should check the applicable privacy policy of the third party website.
8. children’s privacy
neither this site nor any of the services offered through this site are intended for use by children under the age of 18 (a “minor”).  a parent or guardian may use this site for a minor, but the parent or guardian is solely responsible for providing supervision of use of this site and any services offered through it.  if a minor has provided us with personal information without the consent of a parent or guardian, a parent or guardian should contact privacy@turnsmith.com if they would like us to use reasonable efforts to delete this information from our files.  we encourage parents and guardians to take an active role in their children’s online activities and interests.
9. updates and changes to this privacy statement
we may change or update this site or any of our policies and procedures without prior notice.  if we change this privacy statement, we will post the revised statement here with a revised effective date at the top of this privacy statement, and may also notify you by other means, such as sending an email or posting a notice on this site.
10. updating information
we encourage users of this site to keep personal information current.  you may change personal information about you at any time by logging into the personal profile you created on this site.  changes to personal information provided to this site may be made only through this site.  if you do not want us to use your personal information to contact you, or if you wish to revise your information preferences, please notify us by sending an e-mail to privacy@turnsmith.com
11. how to contact us
we value your opinions and questions.  if you have comments or questions about this privacy statement, please contact us:
email:  privacy@turnsmith.com
mail:   turnsmith
attn: privacy concerns
710 market street, #8
chapel hill, nc 27516.
get started
if you’re considering turnsmith or need more information, we’re here to help.
discover more
security getting started referral program careers contact us
terms of use  |  privacy policy  |  © 2019 turnsmith
