home
companyculturehistorycertificationawardsoverviewcontact us
culture
history
certification
awards
overview
contact us
service
contact
한국어 (korean)
english


ulalalab, inc. privacy policy

welcome
we’re glad you chose to visit an ulalalab, inc. (“ulalalab”) site! we care about your privacy and the information you share with us and want you to understand how we are using and protecting the information we collect about you. ulalalab is respectful of data privacy and adopts best practice in compliance with applicable privacy law and regulations, including the eu general data protection regulation (“gdpr”).
use of this website
this privacy policy describes the information we collect from you and how it may be stored and processed. this website, and associated ulalalab events and publications provide products, content, and services for a professional and consumer audience and is not intended for individuals under the age of 13 years old. we do not knowingly collect or store personal data provided by anyone under 13 years of age.
if you are a european union (eu) resident, please note that there are a number of provisions in this privacy policy that apply uniquely to you.

this document describes
what information we collect and how we collect it
how we safeguard your personal data
what we do with the personal data we collect
the legal basis we have for processing your personal data
about cookies
when and how we share your personal data with others
how long we keep your personal data
your rights and preferences
how can we help? getting in touch

what information we collect
ulalalab collects data about you that is limited to the kind of information that can be found on a typical business card: first name, last name, job title, employer/company name, work address, work email, and work phone number. in some cases, we may ask you to provide additional professional information such as the size of the company you work for, and industry type.
to enhance and/or update the information that you have provided to us, we may combine it with professional information or personal data that we collect from third party sources. the personal data that we refer to in this document is the personal and professional information you provide, as well as information that we obtain from third party sources, both of which we typically combine as one user record.
this site also collects and stores certain information automatically using cookies and similar technologies, including ip addresses, the region or general location of a computer or device accessing the internet, browser type, operating system, page view history, and other usage information.
however, to the extent that any cookie can uniquely identify a computer, mobile device, or tablet (“device”), or the person using that device, and you are an eu resident, under the gdpr, this is personal data. therefore, this privacy policy shall apply to such personal data collected by ulalalab.

how we collect it
we may collect your personal data when you register to receive any of the products, content or services offered by ulalalab or its third-party sponsors (“sponsors”) such as publications, subscriptions, contests, newsletters, memberships, premium content, webcasts, video, white papers, online seminars, conferences and events.

how do we safeguard your personal data?
security of your personal data
ulalalab maintains safeguards which include organizational security measures to protect your personal data from loss, misuse, unauthorized use, access, inadvertent disclosure, alteration, and destruction, and we require the third parties we contract with to support ulalalab’s business operations to employ reasonable security measures as well (see “when and how we share your information with others” below).
we restrict access to your personal data to only those who need to know in order to provide ulalalab’s products, content or services to you.
storage of your personal data
we may store your personal data using ulalalab’s own secure on-site servers or other hosted technology. your personal data may also be stored by third parties, via cloud services or other technology, to whom ulalalab has contracted with, to support ulalalab’s business operations (see “when and how we share your information with others” below).
these third parties do not use or have access to your personal data other than for cloud storage and retrieval, and ulalalab requires such parties to employ at least the same level of security that we use to protect your personal data (see “security of your personal data” above).

what we do with the personal data we collect
we use the personal data that we collect to communicate with you, deliver what you request, improve our service, and to present other information and offers that may be of interest.
to communicate with you
we may use your personal data to send you important notices, such as communications about your registration, transactions, and changes to ulalalab’s terms, conditions, policies, and/or other internal purposes.
to deliver what you request
we may use your personal data to provide the products, content or services you request.
to improve our service
we may use your personal data for auditing, data analysis, and research to improve ulalalab’s products, content and services.
to present offers that may be of interest to you
we may contact you to offer you additional ulalalab or third-party products, content or services that may be of interest to you.
the legal basis we have for processing your personal data
the gdpr requires data collectors, such as ulalalab, to have a legal basis to use the personal data of eu residents. therefore, this section shall apply to any such personal data collected by ulalalab.
ulalalab uses the personal data that you provide to supply you with high-quality products, content and services as you request, to send important notices, and for internal purposes such as auditing, data analysis, and research to provide you with the information you need to make the most informed technology purchasing decisions.
we may also use your personal data to offer you products, content or services that may be of interest to you, based upon your interests or the preferences you shared with us, and may share your personal data with third party sponsors of content, events, and other services or offers.
the legal basis for processing your personal data is your consent. in certain circumstances we may otherwise process your personal data if ulalalab has a legitimate interest in doing so and ulalalab is not infringing any of your rights and freedoms.
when ulalalab processes your personal data for ulalalab’s legitimate interests, ulalalab will consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights under data protection and any other relevant law. our legitimate business interests do not override your interests. ulalalab will not use your personal data in circumstances where your rights and freedoms override our legitimate interests, unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law.

about cookies
what are cookies?
cookies are small text files that can be stored on a user’s computer, tablet or mobile device (“computer”) when you visit a website.  a cookie will typically contain the name of the originating domain, the lifetime of the cookie, and a randomly generated unique number or other value.
cookies used by ulalalab identify you as a unique user by means of a tracking id. the cookie itself is anonymous and does not contain any personal data, except when such information has been supplied by you, such as when you provide your name and email address when completing a registration form.
why do we use cookies?
cookies improve your experience. we use cookies to help you access this website faster and more efficiently. cookies allow us to distinguish you from other users, so that we can recognize you each time you visit.  cookies also allow us to store user preferences and provide you with a positive experience when you browse this website, including enabling you to personalize website settings. our marketing partners also collect web viewing data to ensure that you are seeing the most relevant advertising.
when and how we share your personal data with others
ulalalab may share your personal data to deliver content and services from our sites, affiliated companies and third parties services that might interest you, including sponsored content and events, for business operations, and to comply with valid legal processes.
for business operations
we may also share your personal data with third parties we have contracted with to support ulalalab’s business operations including delivery, fulfillment, payment processing, marketing, email deployment, suppression list management and data processing.
for third party sponsored content and events
ulalalab partners with third party sponsors to make available a large library of content to our users, such as white papers, professional events (live or online), as well as other services or offers. in return for access to such offers, we may ask you to provide us with personal data as part of the registration.
we may use your personal data to send you the offer you request. in addition, your personal data may be shared with the sponsor(s) of the offer to communicate with you regarding the offer, as well as additional products, content or services that may be of interest to you. please note that once your personal data is shared with the sponsor, the sponsor’s privacy policy, including information on how to opt-out in the future, will apply to your personal data.
as required by law
your personal data may be shared when authorized by law or necessary to comply with a valid legal process.
in the event of new ownership
if part or all the ownership of ulalalab or any of its products or services are sold or transferred, your personal data will be transferred to the new owner.
international data transfers
this section shall apply to any personal data collected by ulalalab from eu residents.
if ulalalab shares your personal data with any other third party as described in this privacy policy and your personal data will be transferred to a state which is not a member state of either the european union or the eea, or deemed adequate by the european commission, ulalalab (as a data controller/data exporter) will only conduct such transfer (to a data processor/data importer) if there are suitable safeguards in place, such as binding corporate rules, standard contractual clauses, approved codes of conduct, or approved certification mechanism. for more information, please contact ulalalab’s data protection officer (see contact details below).

how long we keep your personal data
we retain your personal data for the duration of your business relationship with us, and we hold your information only as long as necessary for each purpose we use it, unless we have obtained your consent to use for another or similar purpose.
your rights and preferences
if you inform us that you want your personal data erased (if you are an eu resident), or that you no longer wish for us to communicate with you for marketing purposes, or to otherwise restrict ulalalab’s processing of your personal data, we may retain some basic information in order to avoid sending you unwanted materials in the future, and to keep a record of your request and our response.
confirming your personal data
this section shall apply to any personal data collected by ulalalab from eu residents.
to confirm that ulalalab is processing your personal data, or to access, update or correct the personal data ulalalab holds about you, or to obtain a copy to reuse for your own purposes, please send an email to: mkt@ulalalab.com.
erasing your personal data
this section shall apply to any personal data collected by ulalalab from eu residents.
if you want your personal data erased, please send an email to: mkt@ulalalab.com.
how can we help? getting in touch
our company keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. this privacy policy was last updated on 16 june 2021.
how to contact us
if you have any questions about our company’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
email us at: mkt@ulalalab.com
call us: +82-2-873-0010
how to contact the appropriate authority
should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that our company has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the information commissioner’s office.
email: mkt@ulalalab.com
address: 4f, 112, ls-ro, dongan-gu, anyang-si, gyeonggi-do, republic of korea(14118)
we promise to offer successful smart factory and smart farm services to clients and shared growth to partners
회사소개서 다운로드
윔팩토리 사이트 바로가기
개인정보 처리방침
울랄라랩 주식회사(ulalalab.inc) | 대표이사 강학주
본사 : 경기도 안양시 동안구 엘에스로 112, 4층(두림야스카와)스마트팩토리 쇼룸/김해남부지사 : 경남 김해시 김해대로 2492번길 32-22 4층

copyright @ulalalab,inc. all right reserved

울랄라랩 뉴스레터 구독하기
inquiry
home
companyculturehistorycertificationawardsoverviewcontact us
culture
history
certification
awards
overview
contact us
service
contact
한국어 (korean)
english
