home
about uswhy utilev®
why utilev®
productsutility forklift truckstruck overview electrictruck overview internal combustion engine
utility forklift trucks
truck overview electric
truck overview internal combustion engine
servicesparts and accessoriesmaintenancerentalfinance
parts and accessories
maintenance
rental
finance
video testimonials
how to buy
contact us
privacy policy
home
about this site
privacy policy
about this site
terms of use
privacy policy
accessibility
cookie policy
hyster-yale materials handling, inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (“hyster-yale” or “we” or “us”) respects your right to privacy. this privacy notice explains who we are, how we collect, share and use personal information about you, and how you can exercise your privacy rights. this privacy notice only applies to personal information that we collect through our hyster®, yale®, utilev®, nuvera fuel cells®, bolzoni®, auramo®, meyer® and investor relations websites, including this one (the “website”).
if you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided at the bottom of this privacy notice.
each hyster-yale subsidiary is responsible for the use of personal information it collects from you. for information relating to the particular data controller of your personal information, please see the list at the end of this privacy notice.
quick links we recommend that you read this privacy notice in full to ensure you are fully informed. however, if you only want to access a particular section of this privacy notice, you can click on the relevant link below to jump to that section.
about hyster-yale  collection and use of information  sharing of personal information  legal basis for processing personal information (eea visitors only)  cookies and similar tracking technology  personal information security  international data transfers  data retention  data protection rights  updates to this privacy notice  how to contact us  entities responsible for the processing of personal information
about hyster-yale
hyster-yale is a leading globally integrated designer, engineer, manufacturer, seller and servicer of a comprehensive line of electric, warehousing and internal combustion engine lift trucks and aftermarket parts marketed globally primarily under the hyster®, yale®, utilev®, nuvera fuel cells®, bolzoni®, auramo® and meyer® brand names. hyster-yale’s products range from narrow aisle warehouse trucks to the toughest cargo handling equipment.
hyster-yale group, inc. (“hyg”) is the main operating company of hyster-yale, a publicly traded company on the new york stock exchange. for more information about hyg, please see the “about hyster-yale group” section of our website here.
headquartered in cleveland, ohio, hyster-yale includes manufacturing facilities, service and product development centers on five continents and has 25 facilities around the world, including the lift trucks and component parts manufacturing facilities.
collection and use of personal information
the personal information that we may collect about you broadly falls into the following categories:
information that you provide voluntarily certain parts of our website may ask you to provide personal information voluntarily: for example, we may ask you to provide your contact details in order to register an account with us, to subscribe to marketing communications from us, and/or to submit enquiries to us. the personal information that you are asked to provide, and the reasons why you are asked to provide it, will be made clear to you at the point we ask you to provide your personal information.
information that we collect automatically when you visit our website, we may collect certain information automatically from your device. in some countries, including countries in the european economic area, this information may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws.  specifically, the information we collect automatically may include your ip address, device type, unique device identification numbers, browser-type, broad geographic location (e.g. country or city-level location) and other technical information. we may also collect information about how your device has interacted with our website, including the pages accessed and links clicked. where you register to use one of our sites by creating a user account, we may collect information which identifies your use of our site: for example, pages visited and files downloaded. collecting this information enables us to better understand the visitors who come to our website, where they come from, and what content on our website is of interest to them. we use this information for our internal analytics purposes and to improve the quality and relevance of our website.  some of this information may be collected using cookies and similar tracking technology, as explained further under the heading “cookies and similar tracking technology” below.
information that we obtain from third party sources  from time to time, we may receive personal information about you from third party sources (including databases such as hoovers & bvd) but only where we have checked that these third parties either have your consent or are otherwise legally permitted or required to disclose your personal information to us.   the types of information we may collect from third parties includes address and contact information and we may use the information we receive from these third parties to maintain and improve the accuracy of the records we hold about you and where permitted by law to contact you directly.
in general, we will use the personal information we collect from you only for the purposes described in this privacy notice, for purposes that we explain to you at the time we collect your personal information or for a legitimate business interest. we may also use your personal information for other purposes that are not incompatible with the purposes we have disclosed to you if and where this is permitted by applicable data protection laws.
sharing of personal information we may disclose your personal information to the following categories of recipients:
to our group companies, third party services providers and partners who provide data processing services to us (for example, to support the delivery of, provide functionality on, or help to enhance the security of our website), or who otherwise process personal information for purposes that are described in this privacy notice or notified to you when we collect your personal information. if you have any questions or concerns about a service provider or partner please contact us using the contact details provided under the “how to contact us” heading below.
to any competent law enforcement body, regulatory, government agency, court or other third party where we believe disclosure is necessary (i) as a matter of applicable law or regulation, (ii) to exercise, establish or defend our legal rights, or (iii) to protect your vital interests or those of any other person;
to a potential buyer (and its agents and advisers) in connection with any proposed purchase, merger or acquisition of any part of our business, provided that we inform the buyer it must use your personal information only for the purposes disclosed in this privacy notice;
to any other person with your consent to the disclosure.
legal basis for processing personal information (eea visitors only)
if you are from the european economic area, our legal basis for collecting and using the personal information described above will depend on the personal information concerned and the specific context in which we collect it.
however, we will normally collect personal information from you only where:
we have your consent to do so;
we need the personal information to perform a contract with you; or
the processing is in our legitimate business interests and not overridden by your data protection interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.
in some very limited cases, we may also have a legal obligation to collect personal information from you or may otherwise need the personal information to protect your vital interests or those of another person.
if we ask you to provide personal information to comply with a legal requirement or to perform a contract with you, we will make this clear at the relevant time and advise you whether the provision of your personal information is mandatory or not (as well as of the possible consequences if you do not provide your personal information).
similarly, if we collect and use your personal information in reliance on our legitimate business interests (or those of any third party), we will make this clear to you at the relevant time what those legitimate interests are.
if you have questions about or need further information concerning the legal basis on which we collect and use your personal information, please contact us using the contact details provided under the “how to contact us” heading below.
cookies and similar tracking technology  we use cookies and similar tracking technology (collectively, “cookies”) to collect and use personal information about you, including to serve interest-based advertising. for further information about the types of cookies we use, why, and how you can control cookies, please see our cookie notice.
personal information security we use appropriate technical and organisational measures to protect the personal information that we collect and process about you. the measures we use are designed to provide a level of security appropriate to the risk of processing your personal information. specific measures we use include:
the use of https for this website;
access controls to our systems;
physical access controls to sites where we process your personal information;
employee policies, procedures and training for our staff who handle personal information;
prospect information obtained from gdpr compliant suppliers;
website encryption.
international data transfers
your personal information may be transferred to, and processed in, countries other than the country in which you are resident. these countries may have data protection laws that are different to the laws of your country.
our website servers are located in the u.s.a. and our group companies and third party service providers and partners operate around the world. this means that when we collect your personal information it may be processed it in any of these countries.  however, where applicable, we have taken appropriate steps to ensure that your personal information remains protected in accordance with this privacy notice. one example includes implementing the european commission’s standard contractual clauses (or agreements that incorporate them) for transfers of eu personal information between our group companies.
our standard contractual clauses can be provided on request. we have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
data retention
we retain personal information we collect from you where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested or to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements).
when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymise it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
data protection rights
you may have the following data protection rights:
to access, correct, update, or request deletion of your personal information. you can exercise these rights at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “how to contact us” heading below.
if you are a resident of the european economic area (eea), you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information. again, you can exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details provided under the “how to contact us” heading below.
you have the right to opt-out of marketing communications we send you at any time. you can exercise this right by clicking on the “unsubscribe” or “opt-out” link in the marketing e-mails we send you. to opt-out of other forms of marketing (such as postal marketing or telemarketing), please contact us using the contact details provided under the “how to contact us” heading below.
if we have collected and processed your personal information with your consent, you can withdraw your consent at any time. withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
to complain to an applicable data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. for more information, please contact your local data protection authority. (contact details for data protection authorities in the european economic area, switzerland and certain non-european countries (including the us and canada) are available here.)
we respond to all requests we receive from individuals wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
trademarks  the hyster®, yale®, utilev® nuvera®, bolzoni®, auramo®, and meyer®, names, and designs, logos and related marks, are registered trademarks or trademarks of hyster-yale, or its subsidiaries or affiliates, or other owners of such marks. all rights reserved.
updates to this privacy notice
we may update this privacy notice from time to time in response to changing legal, technical or business developments. if we make any significant changes to this privacy notice, we will take appropriate measures to inform you. please visit our website to view our most up to date privacy notice. you can see when this privacy notice was last updated by checking the “last updated” date displayed at the top of this privacy notice.
governing translation this privacy notice describes how we will handle personal information obtained through this web site. in case of any inconsistency between the english-language version of this privacy notice and its translation into another language (if any), the english-language document shall control.
how to contact us
if you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information, please contact us using the following details:
hyster-yale materials handling, inc. attn: legal department 5875 landerbrook drive, suite 300 cleveland, ohio 44124 tel: (440) 449-9600 privacypolicy@hyster-yale.com  https://www.hyster-yale.com/external-privacy-policy/
entities responsible for the processing of personal information
hyster-yale materials handling, inc. hyster-yale group, inc.  nuvera fuel cells, llc hyster-yale mexico, s.a. de c.v. hyster-yale canada ulc hyg telematics solutions limited united kingdom  hyster-yale brasil empilhadeiras ltda hyster-yale lift trucks india private limited hyster-yale australia holding pty ltd hyster-yale nederland b.v. hyster singapore pte ltd yale materials handling uk ltd hyster-yale italia spa hyster-yale asia – pacific pty ltd. shanghai hyster forklift ltd. hyster-yale italia spa hyster-yale uk limited hyster-yale france s.a.r.l. hyster-yale uk pension co. limited hyster-yale deutschland gmbh g2a
