our servicesmaking virtual work a successcultural and operational transformationcapital projects efficiencysales and service breakthroughsleadership development
making virtual work a success
cultural and operational transformation
capital projects efficiency
sales and service breakthroughs
leadership development
company and peoplemediavision trustcareersprivacy statementvision anti-slavery and labour policy
media
vision trust
careers
privacy statement
vision anti-slavery and labour policy
our approach
thought leadershipvision in practice
vision in practice
locationsrepublic of ireland – dublinunited kingdom – edinburghunited kingdom – londonunited states – new yorkcanada – vancouver
republic of ireland – dublin
united kingdom – edinburgh
united kingdom – london
united states – new york
canada – vancouver
case studiesfeatured case studiesfinancial servicesutilitiescapital projectssales and service breakthroughitvision through the years
featured case studies
financial services
utilities
capital projects
sales and service breakthrough
it
vision through the years
privacy statement
personal information we collect and process and how we use it
this statement highlights our practices regarding personal information that we collect and store about you through this website, www.vision.com. vision consulting limited is the data controller in respect of this personal data.
our relationship with you is valuable and we understand the importance you place on the privacy and security of information that personally identifies you. in that respect, we take the protection of your personal data seriously. this privacy notice sets out how we protect your personal data and informs you of your privacy rights. through this privacy notice we aim to inform you of how vision consulting limited processes your personal data.
it is important that you read this privacy notice carefully before we commence work on your behalf or before you submit personal data to us in order to understand how your information will be treated.
personal information we collect from you
we may collect personal data from you when you become our client, when we engage you as a supplier or during the processing of employment and general enquiries. we ask you to disclose only as much information as is necessary to provide you with our services or to submit a question/suggestion/comment in relation to our website or our services.
how and why we use your personal data
we collect the information set out above in order to provide you with information, to market our services, to improve our website and to process job applications, and alumni related requests.
the purposes for which we use personal data and the legal basis for why that processing is necessary or permitted are:
purpose / activity: communicating with you, our clients or other persons in the course of our business
lawful basis of processing: (a) to fulfil our obligations to you under our contract with you or (b) to support our legitimate interests in organising events, managing and improving our business and services and providing services provided such interests are not overridden by the rights and interests of the data subjects concerned
purpose / activity: providing our services to clients and managing and improving our business and services
lawful basis of processing: (a) to fulfil our obligations to you under our contract with you or (b) to support our legitimate interests in organising events, managing and improving our business and services and providing services provided such interests are not overridden by the rights and interests of the data subjects concerned
purpose / activity: maintaining and operating our website
lawful basis of processing: to support our legitimate interests in organising events, managing and improving our business and services and providing services provided such interests are not overridden by the rights and interests of the data subjects concerned
purpose / activity: use of images obtained through film/photographs in printed or online media (including our websites)
lawful basis of processing: to support our legitimate interests in organising events, managing and improving our business and services and providing services provided such interests are not overridden by the rights and interests of the data subjects concerned
purpose / activity: marketing to you about our services and events
lawful basis of processing: (a) to support our legitimate interests in organising events, managing events our business and providing and improving services, provided such interests are not overridden by the rights and interests of the data subjects concerned or (b) consent – which you may withdraw at anytime
purpose / activity: processing of job applications
lawful basis of processing: (a) to perform or enter a contract with the data subject; (b) to support our legitimate interests in managing our business and providing services to our clients provided such interests are not overridden by the rights and interests of the data subjects concerned
purpose / activity: transferring information to third parties, including to our own service providers
lawful basis of processing: (a) to support our legitimate interests in managing our business and providing services to our clients provided such interests are not overridden by the rights and interests of the data subjects concerned; (b) to comply with our legal obligations; or (c) to protect vital interests
purpose / activity: for the prevention and detection of fraud, money laundering and other crimes or for the purpose of responding to a binding request from a public authority or court.
lawful basis of processing: to comply with our legal obligations.
who do we share this information with?
we may disclose personal data to:
our advisors;
a public authority if we are required to do so by law;
a third party where it is necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or another natural person.
selected third parties, including business partners and service vendors who provide a service to us;
vision will not sell or otherwise share your personal data with third parties for their own use, other than law enforcement authorities or government bodies.
in some circumstances, it may be necessary for us to transfer your personal data to a country outside the european economic area (“eea”).  we will only transfer your personal data where the transferee is based in a country that has been approved by the eu commission, or where there are appropriate safeguards in place to protect your personal data.
how long do we keep hold of your information?
we will retain personal data only for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it was collected; as required by law or regulatory guidance to which we are subject; and for the exercise or defence of legal claims that may be brought by or against us.
we will retain personal data about job applicant candidates for no more than one year.
data security
your personal data is held on secure servers. no data transmission over the internet can be 100% secure. the nature of the internet is such that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us via the internet. you transfer data at your own risk. however, we will take all reasonable steps (including appropriate technical and organisational measures) to protect your personal data.
we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, consultants and other third parties who have a business need to process your personal data.
your personal data will only be processed by employees and third parties on our instructions and subject to a duty of confidentiality.
cookies
cookies are small text files downloaded from websites to your computer or mobile device. cookies are useful because they allow our website to recognise a user’s device and allows a website to remember your actions or preferences over a length of time. you can find more information about cookies at: https://www.allaboutcookies.org/ and https://www.youronlinechoices.eu/.
when you visit our website, we may automatically collect technical data about your computer equipment, browsing actions and preferences. most web browsers give you some control over cookies through the browsing settings. however, turning cookies off may interfere with your browsing experience. to opt out of being tracked by google analytics across all websites visit https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
marketing
vision consulting may contact you regarding our services and other events which may be of interest to you. any personal data held by us for marketing purposes will be held by us until such time that you notify us that you no longer wish to receive this type of information. (see how can you contact us? below)
links to other sites
our website may from time to time contain links to and from other websites. if you follow a link to any of those websites, please do note that those websites have their own privacy policies and we do not accept any responsibility or liability for those policies. please check those policies before you submit any personal date to those websites.
children
the website does not knowingly solicit or collect personally identifiable information online from children under the age of 16 and request that no such information be submitted to us. if you become aware of any personally identifiable information, we have collected from children under 16, please contact us. (see how can you contact us? below)
what are your rights with respect to your personal data?
under gdpr, you have certain legal rights in respect of your personal information handed by us. these include:
the right to access the personal data we hold about you;
the right to require us to rectify any inaccurate personal data about you without undue delay;
the right to have us erase any personal data we hold about you in circumstances such as where it is no longer necessary for us to hold the personal data or, in some circumstances, if you have withdrawn your consent to the processing;
the right to object to us processing personal data about you such as processing for profiling or direct marketing;
the right to ask us to provide your personal data to you in a portable format or, where technically feasible, for us to provide that personal data to another provider once it does not result in a disclosure of personal data relating to other people;
the right to request a restriction of the processing of your personal data;
where our processing of your personal data is based on your consent to that processing, you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time but any processing that we have carried out before you withdrew your consent remains lawful.
you may exercise any of the above rights by contacting us (see how can you contact us? below). you may lodge a complaint with your local supervisory authority with respect to our processing of your personal data. the local supervisory authority in ireland is the data protection commission. the website is https://www.dataprotection.ie/.
what will happen if we change our privacy notice?
this notice may change from time to time, and any changes will be posted on this website, so you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.  any changes will be effective when posted. please review this notice each time you use our website or our services. this notice was last updated on the 26 day of february 2020.
how can you contact us?
should you wish to contact us in relation to this notice you can do so by email or by post to the following:
attn: head of compliance address: vision consulting limited, the priory, john street west – d08 ap63
email: dataprivacy@vision.com
© 2022 vision consulting. all rights reserved.  you can access our privacy statement from the menu.
contact us directly here:
vision dublin +353-1-240-0200
vision dublin
vision edinburgh +44-131-560-1627
vision edinburgh
vision london +44-207-193-7540
vision london
vision new york +1-212-983-7250
vision new york
vision vancouver +1-604-256-9960
vision vancouver
general enquiries look@vision.com
general enquiries
sales enquiries sales@vision.com
sales enquiries
