
+1-212-401-1192
sign inregister
0
industrial and iot all industrial and iotsolar for iotcustom solar panelsremote sensors guidestandard solar panelsiot battery packsalways on mode
all industrial and iot
solar for iot
custom solar panels
remote sensors guide
standard solar panels
iot battery packs
always on mode
shop all gear all shop all gear                        by type solar chargerssolar backpacks & bagssmall solar panelsmini solar panelsbattery packssolar & usb lightssolar panel kits                        by accessory ac & dc chargersconnectors & extensionsdslr camera cradlesmounting hardwareoptional laptop adaptersstandard laptop adapterssmall adaptersvoltaic gear                        by device macbooklaptopdslr cameraipad & tabletiphoneandroidgoproarduinoiot and remote sensors                        by activity backpackingbicycle touringcanoe & kayakingphotographydiy and makers
all shop all gear
by type solar chargerssolar backpacks & bagssmall solar panelsmini solar panelsbattery packssolar & usb lightssolar panel kits
solar chargers
solar backpacks & bags
small solar panels
mini solar panels
battery packs
solar & usb lights
solar panel kits
by accessory ac & dc chargersconnectors & extensionsdslr camera cradlesmounting hardwareoptional laptop adaptersstandard laptop adapterssmall adaptersvoltaic gear
ac & dc chargers
connectors & extensions
dslr camera cradles
mounting hardware
optional laptop adapters
standard laptop adapters
small adapters
voltaic gear
by device macbooklaptopdslr cameraipad & tabletiphoneandroidgoproarduinoiot and remote sensors
macbook
laptop
dslr camera
ipad & tablet
iphone
android
gopro
arduino
iot and remote sensors
by activity backpackingbicycle touringcanoe & kayakingphotographydiy and makers
backpacking
bicycle touring
canoe & kayaking
photography
diy and makers
schedule a solar power for iot consultation
shop all gear
shop by type
shop by accessory
shop by device
shop by activity
industrial and iot all industrial and iotsolar for iotcustom solar panelsremote sensors guidestandard solar panelsiot battery packsalways on mode
all industrial and iot
solar for iot
custom solar panels
remote sensors guide
standard solar panels
iot battery packs
always on mode
about us all about usour storynews & pressprograms & discountswarranty & returnscontact us
all about us
our story
news & press
programs & discounts
warranty & returns
contact us
blog
support
shipping info all shipping infocovid-19 notice
all shipping info
covid-19 notice
clearance
take back program all take back programholiday shipping calendar
all take back program
holiday shipping calendar
custom solar backpacks
jobs
privacy policy
sign in                    or register
home
privacy policy
privacy policy
orders: if you purchase a product or service from us, we request certain personally identifiable information from you on our order form. you must provide contact information (such as name, email, and shipping address) and financial information (such as credit card number, expiration date). we use this information for billing purposes and to fill your orders. if we have trouble processing an order, we will use this information to contact you. types of order-related communications that require use of personal information include our order confirmation email to confirm the placement, & summarize the contents of your order and shipping confirmation email to notify you when your order ships.
contest entries: if you enter a promotion or contest on our site, we require that you provide certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your name, address, upcoming trips, computer and other electronics specifications. this information is necessary to process your application and/or complete entry, contact you in response to your contest participation, and to improve the voltaic customer experience. types of promotion or contest related communications include complete entry confirmation emails confirming your participation in a given promotion or contest, thank you emails thanking you for participation in a given promotion or contest, congratulations emails advising you that you may have won or advanced to a new stage of a promotion or contest, and invitations to future contests & events.
use of information: the website uses both non-personally-identifiable information and personal information to improve the overall voltaic systems consumer website experience, provide relevant & targeted content to website visitors, customers, & opt-in subscribers, and to provide paying customers with efficient communications related to their voltaic systems order. our websites use non-personally-identifiable information to more efficiently inform the general public about voltaic systems products, services & community activities, and to improve performance of our websites & business services. our websites use personal information to facilitate communications between voltaic systems & interested parties, or to enable the purchase & fulfillment of voltaic systems products & services.
email communications: voltaic systems will use your name & email address so that we can contact you via email communications under certain circumstances.
orders: if you place an order on voltaicsystems.com, we will use your name & email address to send you an order confirmation email and a shipping confirmation email.
special offers and updates: if you sign up for our email-newsletter, we will occasionally send you information on products, services, special promotions, & contests. you can sign up to receive these emails from us on our website &/or our order submission page. out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. please see the "choice and opt-out."
newsletters: if you wish to subscribe to our newsletter(s), we will use your name and email address to send the newsletter to you. out of respect for your privacy, we provide you a way to unsubscribe. please see the "choice and opt-out" section.
customer service: based upon the personally identifiable information you provide us at the time of purchase, we will send you a confirmation email to verify your order. we will also communicate with you in response to your inquiries, to provide the services you request, and to manage your account. we will communicate with you by email or telephone, in accordance with your wishes.
choice/opt-out: upon newsletter subscription and order placement, we provide you the option to not receive newsletters & special promotions and updates emails from voltaic systems. we provide you the opportunity to opt-out of having your personally identifiable information used for certain purposes, when we ask for this information. for example, if you purchase a product but do not wish to receive any additional marketing material from us, you can indicate your preference on our order form by leaving the "please send me email updates" checkbox blank. if you no longer wish to receive our newsletter and promotional communications, you may opt-out of receiving them by following the instructions included in each newsletter or communication or by emailing us at support@voltaicsystems.com. you will be notified when your personally identifiable information is collected by any third party that is not our service provider, so you can make an informed choice as to whether or not to share your information with that party. if you do not wish to have your personally identifiable information shared and want to opt-out from receiving further communications from any third party that is not our agent or service provider, please contact that 3rd party directly.
special offers and updates: we will occasionally send you information on products, services, special promotions, & contests. you can sign up to receive these emails from us on our registration page &/or our order submission page. out of respect for your privacy, we present the option not to receive these types of communications. please see the "choice and opt-out."
non-personally-identifiable user information: for each visitor to our websites, we collect non-personally-identifiable information including ip address, profile information, aggregate user data, preferences, technical session information, browser type. this data is used to manage the website, track website usage, provide context for referring traffic sources, and improve overall website performance. this non-personally-identifiable information may be shared with third-parties to provide more relevant services and advertisements to members. user ip addresses are recorded for security and monitoring purposes. if you arrived at our website via a link from another webpage, we may receive aggregate or otherwise anonymous statistical information about your visit to our site. we monitor customer traffic patterns and site usage to help us develop the design and layout of the site, and to improve the content of our website to better match the interests of our website users.
use of cookies: voltaic systems uses cookies to store visitors’ preferences and to record session information, such as shopping cart items, for purposes including ensuring that visitors are not repeatedly offered the same advertisements and to customize newsletter, advertising, and web page content based on browser type and user profile information. we do not link the information we store in cookies to any personally identifiable information you submit while on our site. you may be able to configure your browser to accept or reject all or some cookies, or notify you when a cookie is set - each browser is different, so check the help menu of your browser to learn how to change your cookie preferences. you must, however, enable cookies from voltaic systems in order to use most functions on the site. please note that voltaic systems allows 3rd party advertisers that are presenting advertisements on some of our pages to set and access their cookies on your computer. advertisers’ use of cookies is subject to their own privacy policies, not the voltaic systems privacy policy.
web beacons: one or more of our third party advertising partners employ a software technology called web beacons, that help us better manage content on our site by informing us what content is effective. web beacons are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, and are used to track the online movements of web users. in contrast to cookies, which are stored on a user’s computer hard drive, clear gifs are embedded invisibly on web pages and are about the size of the period at the end of this sentence. we do not tie the information gathered by clear gifs to our customers’ personally identifiable information.
customer service
contact us
technical support
shipping
warranty & returns
resources
blog
custom solar backpacks
programs & discounts
clearance items
privacy policy
sitemap
newsletter
sign up for the latest news, offers and styles
© 2022 voltaic systems. all rights reserved.
