check out 36 inspirational event engagement examples!
privacy policy
a. preamble
this privacy disclaimer (further on referred to as "disclaimer") explains:
what information we collect and why we collect it
how we use that information
the choices we offer, including how to access and update information
we have tried to keep the disclaimer as simple as possible. if you have any questions after reviewing the disclaimer, please do not hesitate to contact us at privacy@walls.io.
this disclaimer was last modified on: march 8th, 2021
b. which information we collect and how?
identifying information submitted by you
when visiting our websites, your ip-address is transferred to our servers and stored for a limited period of time. when using certain parts of our websites, for example when signing up for a newsletter or when downloading materials such as e-books, you might be required to supply your name, email-address, phone-number, company-name and other information that identifies you as a person.
when signing up as a regular user of our services (i.e. registering a user account or accepting an invite another user or a representative of our company has sent to you), you will be required to supply your name, email-address, phone-number, company-name and other information that identifies you as a person. we'll store this data in your user account, as well as all content and transactions you commence through our service.
usage of social media access tokens
for regular users of our services, we might store access tokens from various social media platforms like facebook, twitter, youtube etc. these access tokens will allow us to collect, store and process social media data provided through the official apis for your user- or company-accounts on the respective platform. these access tokens are essential for our services to work, therefore you must agree to our use of your access tokens before using our service.
non-identifying information
whenever you visit our websites, we may collect non-identifying information from you, such as your interactions with the website and service, referring url, browser, operating system and cookie information.
identifying information collected by us through third parties
in addition to the personal data supplied by you, and the data we store from social media platforms using your access tokens, we are using third party services to gather additional data about your company when you're visiting our websites or sign up for our services. the following list includes all third parties and the particular data categories we're sharing with them:
madkudu inc., 13150 diericx drive, mountain view, ca 94040, usa (ip- and email-address)
we've carefully selected and vetted all third parties we are sharing your information with for gdpr compliance and have signed individual data processing amendments with all of them.
c. how we use the collected set of personal data?
we will never sell, transfer or give your information to a third party without your permission. however, you agree that we may use your information:
to enhance or improve our users' experiences.
to provide our service to you.
to contact you and to respond to inquiries by phone, email or newsletter.
to document any communication we have commenced with you.
to process transactions.
to register your account and enable your use of our service.
additionally, we may give your information to law enforcement if we are compelled to by a court order, if there has been a violation of any eu laws or if a violation of the terms of service or privacy policy has occurred.
d. personal data collections sharing
the personal data you've submitted to our website or that we collect through the mentioned 3 rd party services, are shared with specific third party services in order to provide and improve our service to you. we've carefully selected and vetted all third parties we are sharing your information with for gdpr compliance and have signed individual data processing amendments with all of them:
drift inc., 3 copley place suite 7000, boston, ma 02116, usa
hotjar ltd, 3, elia zammit street, st julians, malta
hubspot inc., 25 first street, 2nd floor, cambridge, ma 02141 usa
intercom inc., 55 2nd street 4th floor, san francisco, ca 94105, usa
mixpanel, inc., one front street, floor 28, san francisco, ca 94111, usa
postmark, c/o wildbit llc, 225 chestnut street, philadelphia, pa 19106, usa
satismeter s.r.o. česká 1113/1, prague 5, 158 00, czech republic
slack inc., 155 5th street 6th floor, san francisco, ca 94103, usa
zapier inc., 548 market street #62411, san francisco, ca 94104-5401, usa
zoom video communications, inc., 55 almaden boulevard, 6th floor, san jose, ca 95113, usa
e. personal data access and control
the organization recognizes data subjects rights to access information and to be forgotten, therefore has implemented controls in order to show its transparency in terms of the information processing to the data subject.
data subjects who want to execute their rights to access information or deletion can contact our team at privacy@walls.io. every request that is received is delivered to the responsible person for handling data subject requests, the requests are being reviewed and it is acted accordingly. if there are no present acts that impose the need for the information to be kept, the information is properly removed from the system. in case when some or all of the information that is kept and is being requested to be removed, the data processor (the organization) is required to keep and has clearly defined retention period for this information, the organization keeps all information that is required and all other not relevant information is being removed. in both cases the data subject that requests the removal is being contacted with the outcome of the procedure. the same procedures take places when the data subject requests data modification.
all of the requests with their outcomes are being documented.
f. technologies we use
cookies and related technologies
we use tracking technology ("cookies") to help us recognize you across the site and the service, to monitor usage and web traffic routing for the service, and to customize and improve the services. by visiting our websites or using our services you agree to the use of cookies in your browser and html based emails. cookies are small text files placed on your device when you visit a web site, in order to track use of the site and the service and to improve your user experience.
session cookies
our websites use "session cookies", which improve your user experience by storing certain information from your current visit on your device, such as login information. these enable us to remember your login session so you can move easily within our websites or services. without these session cookies, we wouldn't be able to provide our service to you. these session cookies have limited functionalities and expirations, and you will be required to re-enter your login information after a certain period of time has elapsed to protect you against others accidentally accessing your account contents and related personal information. other examples of our use of session cookies include to track the number of visits by a particular visitor to a page or a feature of the service.
performance and remarketing cookies
partners who help us serve advertising on and off our websites and analytics companies may also put cookies on your device. we use several third-party vendors to help deliver ads for relevant products and services to you when you visit certain pages on our site we may share with third-party ad partners a cryptographic hash of a common account identifier (such as an email address), to help us measure and tailor ads and services provided to you. the third parties we're currently using for this are listed below:
facebook ireland limited, 4 grand canal square, grand canal harbour, dublin, ireland
google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa
microsoft ireland operations limited, 1 microsoft place, south county business park leopardstown, dublin, ireland
twitter international company, the academy, 442 pearse street, dublin, ireland
quora inc., 650 castro street, mountain view, ca 94041, usa
most browsers allow you to choose whether to accept cookies or not. if you do not wish to have cookies placed on your computer, please set your browser preferences to reject all cookies, before accessing the site. please note that by doing so, some features of the site and the service may become unavailable.
to find out more about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set and how to manage and delete them, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
the network advertising initiative has also developed a tool that may help you understand which third parties have currently enabled cookies for your browser and opt-out of those cookies. further information can be found at  http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp.
we may also use related technologies including web beacons, pixels, and software tokens in order to facilitate your use of the service. most notably, the service use software tokens (stored securely on our servers) in order to facilitate the logging in to and the functioning of both the supported platforms.
g. information security statement
we work hard to protect our users from unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure or destruction of information we hold through several policies and procedures that we have adopted, as well as:
encrypting our services with ssl certificates.
review our information collection, storage and processing practices, including physical security measures, to guard against unauthorized access to systems.
access to personal information is restricted to our employees, contractors and agents who need to know that information i order to process it for us, and who are subject to strict contractual confidentiality obligations and may be disciplined or terminated if they fail to meet these obligations.
our disclaimer applies to all of the services offered by us, but excludes the services that have separate privacy disclaimers that do not incorporate this disclaimer.
we regularly review our compliance with this disclaimer. we also adhere to several self-regulatory frameworks including the gdpr. when we receive formal written complaints, we will contact the person who made the complaint to follow up. we work with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that we cannot resolve with our users directly.
our disclaimer may change from time to time. we will not reduce your rights under the disclaimer without your explicit consent. we will post any privacy policy changes on this page and, if the changes are significant, we will provide prominent notice (including, for certain services, email notification of privacy policy changes). we will also keep prior versions of this disclaimer in an archive for your review.
h. contact us!
if you have further questions regarding this privacy policy or how your data is handled, you can contact us at:
walls.io gmbhschönbrunner straße 213/215, 3rd floor1120 viennaaustria
mail: privacy@walls.iophone: +43 1 890 46 89
about us
our team
careers
partners
social wall
+43 1 890 46 89
support@walls.io
call-to-action
content sources
custom design
direct posts
moderation
photo booth
privacy & security
reactions
social wall api
website widget
brand hubs & widgets
digital signage
hashtag campaigns
hybrid events
private events
internal communication
virtual events
blog
customer reviews
help center
imprint
privacy policy
presskit
terms of service
