platform
industries
use cases
partners
aboutaboutresourcespress & eventscareersblog
get demo
privacy
webalo privacy policy
effective date: june 27, 2020
this privacy policy covers the practices of webalo, inc. and our affiliates (“webalo,” “we,” “us,” or “our”) concerning personal information that we obtain about personnel of our past, present and prospective customers, business partners and suppliers, subject to the important exception described below:
a special note about data processed by our software and services:
webalo software and services allow webalo customers to collect, distribute, visualize, and otherwise manage their own data.  in many use cases, this data stays entirely within the customer’s network, and webalo has no access to it.  in the limited situations and configurations in which webalo has access to a portion of a customer’s data, webalo processes it solely to provide our service to that particular customer.  webalo handles that data solely pursuant to our contract with that customer, not pursuant to webalo’s own privacy policy.  thus, for example, the references in this privacy policy to performing our own analytics on the data we collect do not apply to that customer data.
to the extent the data we receive through our services relates to an identified or identifiable individual, webalo handles such data solely as the customer’s “processor” within the meaning of the general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) and similar laws, and solely as the customer’s “service provider” within the meaning of the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”).  we handle all data received through our services in that manner, regardless of whether those laws apply.  any inquiries or requests relating to such data should be directed to the relevant customer, not to webalo.
this privacy policy contains the following sections:
1. information we collect
a. information  you provide to us:
you may provide the following types of information to us:
contact details, such as name, email address,  phone number, employer, job title and address;
username and password for our websites;
information about your purchases and other  business interactions with us;
credit information;
information about your interests and  preferences;
b. cookies and other information collection technology:
through our online properties, we and third parties may collect  information from your computer or other device by automated means such as  cookies, web beacons, local storage, javascript, mobile-device functionality  and other computer code. this information may include unique browser  identifiers, ip address, browser and operating system information, device  identifiers (such as advertising identifiers), other device information,  internet connection information, as well as details about your interactions  with the relevant website, email or other online property (for example, the url  of the third-party website from which you came, the pages on our website that  you visit, and the links you click on in a website). in some cases (such  as cookies), the tools described here involve storing unique identifiers or  other information on your device for later use.                                  these technologies help:
display personalized content;
remember your settings on the pages you visit  so that we can display your preferred content the next time you visit;
perform analytics, measure traffic and usage  trends, and better understand the demographics of users;
diagnose and fix technology problems;
plan for and enhance our business; and
facilitate the other uses and disclosures  described in this privacy policy.
you may be able to set your browser to refuse certain  types of cookies, or to alert you when certain types of cookies are being used.  some browsers offer similar settings for html5 local storage and other  technologies. however, if you block or otherwise reject cookies, local storage,  javascript or other technologies, certain websites (including some of our own websites) may not function as expected.
to opt out of google analytics, you can visit the google ads  settings page from each browser. google also allows you to install a google analytics opt-out browser add-on for each browser.
if you  replace, change, upgrade or reset your browser or device, or delete your  cookies, you may need to use these opt-out tools again. we do not respond to  browser-based do-not-track signals.
c. information from third parties
we may also receive personal information from third parties,  including our service providers, affiliates, and partners such as resellers,  systems integrators, technology vendors, and business information vendors such  as dun & bradstreet, as well as from publicly available sources such as linkedin  and company websites.
2. use of information
we and our service providers use the information described  above for the following purposes:
administer your account, including to process  your registration and verify your information;
provide, manage, and improve our services;
conduct business operations in support of our services,  such as auditing, security, fraud prevention, invoicing and accounting, sales  and marketing, analytics, and research and development;
contact you regarding webalo and third-party  products, services, surveys, research studies, promotions, special events, and  other subjects that we think may be of interest to you;
customize content, preferences, and  advertising on the services, across the internet and elsewhere;
create aggregated or de-identified  information;
comply with laws, regulations, and other legal  process and procedures; and
establish, exercise, or defend our legal  rights.
we also may use and disclose appropriately aggregated or de-identified information for any purpose.
3.	sharing of information
we may share your information as follows:
with service providers: we  may share your information with companies that provide services to us, such as  providers of data storage, marketing, web hosting, security, analytics, and  fraud prevention.
with affiliates: we  may share information with other members of our corporate family for the  purposes described in this privacy policy.
with business partners: we  may share information with business partners, such as resellers and  distributors.
legal: we may share information when we believe  disclosure is appropriate due to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a  court order, or other request from a law enforcement or government agency; or  as otherwise required by law.
protection of webalo and others: we  may share information when we believe disclosure is appropriate in connection  with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal  activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; to protect and defend the  rights, property or safety of our company, our employees, our customers, or  others; and to enforce our contracts.
corporate transactions: we  may disclose your information as part of, or to take steps in anticipation of,  a sale of all or a portion of our business, a divestiture, merger,  consolidation, asset sale, bankruptcy, or other significant corporate event.
your consent: if you have consented to  additional sharing of your information, we may also share your information  consistent with your consent.
4. international data transfers
we are headquartered in the united states, and recipients of the data disclosures described in this privacy policy are located in the united states and elsewhere in the world, including where privacy laws may not provide as much protection as the laws of your country where you live.  however, this privacy policy applies to webalo’s operations worldwide.
5. legal basis for processing information
the general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) and  similar laws require data controllers to explain the legal bases that justify  their processing of your personal information. to the extent such rules apply, our legal bases are:
in many cases, our processing your personal information is necessary for our legitimate interests or the legitimate interests of others. for example, we may process your personal information on this legal basis to:
manage and improve our services;
conduct business operations in support of our services, such as auditing, security, fraud prevention, invoicing and accounting, certain sales and marketing activities, certain analytics activities, and research and development;
contact you through certain channels regarding webalo and third-party products, services, surveys, research studies, promotions, special events, and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you;
create aggregated or de-identified information; or
establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights.
in some cases, processing your personal information is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations. for example, we will process certain personal information to comply with tax laws.
in some cases, we process your personal information to perform our obligations pursuant to a contract with you or to take steps in anticipation of entering into such a contract. for example, we may process personal information on this basis to:
administer your account, including to process your registration and verify your information; and
complete transactions with you.
in other cases, we process your personal information based on your consent. for example, in some cases the following activities will be performed on the basis of consent:
contacting you through certain channels regarding webalo and third-party products, services, surveys, research studies, promotions, special events, and other subjects that we think may be of interest to you; and
conducting certain other sales, marketing and analytics activities.
6.	your rights and choices
you can unsubscribe from webalo marketing emails by clicking the unsubscribe link in a marketing email or contacting us as  described below, and you can make certain choices regarding the use of cookies and similar technology as described in section 1 above.
depending on which laws apply to particular situations,  residents of the european economic area, the uk and some other jurisdictions  have certain additional legal rights to do the following with personal  information we handle:
obtain confirmation of whether we hold  personal information about them, and receive information about how it is used  and disclosed;
obtain a copy of the personal information, and  in some cases, receive it in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable  format, or have it transmitted to a third party in such form;
update, correct or delete the information;
object to the use or disclosure of the  information;
withdraw consent previously provided for the  handling of the information (without affecting the lawfulness of prior use and  disclosure of the information); and
obtain a restriction on the use of the  information.
for example, individuals whose personal information is  subject to the gdpr have a right to opt out of our handling of their personal  information for direct marketing purposes.                                     many of the rights described above are subject to  limitations or exceptions under applicable law.                                  if you wish to exercise any of these rights, or raise a  complaint about our handling of your personal information, please contact us as  described at the end of this privacy policy. you also have a right to file a  complaint about our privacy practices with the relevant supervisory authority,  but we respectfully invite you to contact us first, as we would like to do our  best to resolve any concern you may have.
7. updates and changes to this policy
webalo may update this privacy policy from time to time, such as to reflect changes in our practices or for legal reasons. we will post those changes here or on a similarly accessible page.
8. protection of information
to help protect personal information, we have put in place physical, technical, and administrative safeguards.  however, we cannot assure you that data that we collect under this privacy policy will never be used or disclosed in a manner that is inconsistent with this privacy policy.
9. retention of information
we will retain personal data as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy unless the law requires us to keep it for a longer period of time. to provide security and business continuity for the activities described in this privacy policy, we make backups of certain data, which we may retain for longer than the original data.
10. contact information
if you have any questions or comments regarding our  privacy policy and practices, or to submit a request or complaint, please email  us at privacy@webalo.com or use the contact details below:
webalo                                attn: privacy team                                1990 south bundy drive, suite 550                                los angeles, ca 90025
webalo, the platform for the frontline workforce, is a software platform that digitizes tasks and activities for frontline workers, providing real-time operational visibility and driving process optimization and improvement, across all areas of business operations. webalo is enterprise grade, closely integrated with enterprise and industrial software systems, such as microsoft, sap, rockwell, and siemens. built to operate in the face of massive amounts of real-time transactional usage by thousands of workers, webalo helps the workforce make better, more informed decisions, and makes their businesses more productive.
about
about webalo
resources
press & news
careers
blog
platform
industries
use cases
partners
about
about webalo
resources
press & news
careers
blog
platform
industries
use cases
partners

connect with us
1-310-828-7335

webalo, inc.
1990 south bundy drive, suite 550          los angeles, ca 90025
© 2022 webalo, inc. all rights reserved.privacy
