home
about us
blog
docpok
services
privacy policy
introduction
your privacy and trust are important to us. this privacy statement explains who we are, what personal information we collect, why we collect this information and how we use and protect it. this statement refers to all information we collect and that we could use to personally identify you. we encourage you to read this privacy statement. in case you have any questions, we are happy to answer them.
this privacy statement applies to all personal information we collect about you. for instance, when you:
visit our websites;
purchase or use our products, solutions, applications or services;
subscribe to our newsletter;
contact customer support; request information specific to your interests; and
interact with us as a job candidate/applicant.
on occasion, we may refer to additional privacy policies to convey specific privacy information that you need to be aware of.
who we are
whiznets inc. started as wireless solutions company with the mission of automation using wireless. we envisioned the power of putting small and large footprint devices on internet, with managed data collection and control capabilities. when this privacy statement refers to “we”, “us” or “our”, it refers to all whiznets inc affiliates or subsidiaries which under this privacy statement may act as a controller of your personal information: namely, those entities who may be deciding how and why your personal information is being processed.
what types of personal information do we collect?
we may process various types of personal information we receive from you depending on the ways you interact with us (e.g. through our website portal, whiznets customer support, etc.). they include the following:
name and last name;
e-mail address, address, phone number, fax, country;
log in details (user name, password);
reviews, feedback, comments;
traffic information such as time and/or duration of your interaction with us;
ip address, mac address of the devices you use to interact with us;
your actual or assumed location (determined by the information mentioned above);
information related to your interests (products or services that you are visiting on our website platforms);
information related to your requests for information, requests for support and your transactions with whiznets inc; and
cookies preferences.
cookies
when you visit our websites or in general our digital platforms, cookies might be stored on your devices within the web browser. cookies are small text files that can store information for a certain period and identify your device. we use cookies to optimize your user experience on our platforms.
why do we collect your personal information?
we want to know you better, so we can serve you better. but the choice whether you want this kind of service is off course up to you.depending on who you are, we may collect personal information for different purposes, such as:
performance and execution of contracts;
direct marketing;
providing our products or services;
responding to requests;
compliance with legal obligations;
security and maintenance reasons;
employment purposes.
when do we share your information with third parties?
we only share your personal information with third parties in the specific cases listed below:
whiznets inc affiliates
external service providers, such as newsletter distributors, it hosting providers, marketing providers, etc.; and
business partners.
we do not sell or license your personal information to third parties.
how do we safeguard your personal information?
we recognize our responsibility to protect the personal information we collect. we have implemented appropriate technical and organizational measures to safeguard the information. we put in place the following measures in order to protect your information:
limiting access to personal information (for instance, only employees on a need to know basis have access to your personal information);
selecting third-party providers to have acceptable security measures to keep personal information secure. we use data hosting service providers in the united states and host the information we collect, and we use technical measures to secure your data. while we implement safeguards designed to protect your information, no security system is impenetrable and due to the inherent nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee that data, during transmission through the internet or while stored on our systems or otherwise in our care, is absolutely safe from intrusion by others.
how long do we retain your information?
we retain your personal information as long as it is necessary to fulfill the specific purposes, as explained under the section “why we collect your personal information”. in certain cases a longer retention of your personal information might be required according to legal obligations. in all other cases, we delete your personal information once the purpose of processing your information is fulfilled.
which are your rights?
according to applicable data protection laws, you have the right to:
restriction of or objection to the processing activity of your information.
request a copy of your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
pose any questions related to your personal information and its protection.
opt out of receiving promotional communications from us by using the unsubscribe link within each email, or by contacting us.
request us to erase your data, excluding the data we are obliged to retain for administrative, security or legal purposes.
when do we transfer your personal information?
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information. we may release your information when we believe release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others rights, property, or safety.
in order to fulfill the purposes mentioned under this privacy statement, we or third parties (see “when we share your information with third parties”) may disclose your personal information to recipients outside of the country where you are located.
updates to this statement
in order to stay compliant with applicable legal requirements, we will review and/or may modify this privacy statement at any time. the current version of this privacy statement is always available at: www.whiznets.com.
concerns and complaint
if you are concerned about the way we process your personal information or any queries related to this privacy statement, please contact us on support@whiznets.com. you will receive a written response within a reasonable period.

quick link
home
about us
envoomy
blog
support
terms of use
privacy policy
home
about us
blog
docpok
services
follow us
