join us
case studies
contact us




software servicessystem designembedded software developmentconnectivityembedded securityiot securitymigrationoptimizationcloud
system design
embedded software development
connectivity
embedded security
iot security
migration
optimization
cloud
drivers of innovationux design: our user centric approachsoftware workshops: share our knowledgesoftware factory: high quality software
ux design: our user centric approach
software workshops: share our knowledge
software factory: high quality software
software acceleratorsplumaota update solution
pluma
ota update solution
success storiescase studiesmarket cases
case studies
market cases
resourcesblogiot podcastswebinarsperspective letterwhite papersboard support package development services
blog
iot podcasts
webinars
perspective letter
white papers
board support package development services
about usour values and beliefsour partnersan avnet embedded companyjoin usopeningsour iot and embedded blog
our values and beliefs
our partners
an avnet embedded company
join usopenings
openings
our iot and embedded blog
work with us
join us
privacy policy & cookies policy
witekio privacy policy
by visiting the witekio website, you agree to the terms of this privacy policy.
only information that is needed to process your request is collected
when you visit this website, you remain anonymous. the information collected while you browse is used to analyze the use of the site in order to improve it. no personal information is attached to it.
witekio collects personal data (such as last name, first name, postal address, sex, profession, phone number, or email) only if you decide to provide them, through axeptio (cookie manager) you manage your privacy. for example, when you wish to contact us using a contact form, download or contact us for one of our products, or subscribe to the witekio newsletter. witekio is committed to collecting only the information needed to process your request with your consent.
mandatory information to be provided
as part of contact through our contact form, some personal information is mandatory (name, email, company, activity, job, country). this information allows witekio to adjust its contact form processing and ensure the highest responsiveness and customization of responses. if you do not wish to communicate this information to contact witekio, please send an email to the following address: contact@witekio.com.
the use of your personal data
please find below the reasons for the collection, processing, and use of your personal information:
to send you, with your consent, witekio’s newsletter, invitations, and press releases.
to reply to all your questions/requests made via the contact form
to process your job application
to manage your membership to our tech corner
to perform statistical analysis to improve the website.
to conduct prospective business email campaigns
your personal data is not communicated to third parties in any way, other than employees of witekio.
storage of your personal data
in our crm tool, (pipedrive) our prospecting tools (prospect.io, snapaddy, sendinblue) and the databases of our website.
they will not be kept longer than necessary, with respect to the legislation in place. for example, if you are applying for a job, witekio collects only the information needed to process your application.
data transfer
witekio may transfer data to witekio’s offices and/or partners located outside the european union. in these cases, witekio ensures that this transfer is performed in compliance with the applicable regulations and guarantees a sufficient level of protection to the privacy and fundamental rights of persons (in particular via the standard contractual clauses of the european commission and data processing agreements).
you have the choice
it is your decision to give your information. saving personal data on the witekio website is optional.
if you do not want to give your personal information, you can still browse the site, but you will not be able to perform certain operations, such as subscribing to the newsletter or downloading some of our products.
you have control over your personal data
you always have the right to access your personal information, correct it or have it removed. for example, by updating your personal information or asking for it to be removed from our database or mailing list.
to exercise this right, contact us at contact@witekio.com, clearly explaining the reason for your contact
witekio’s cookies policy
cookies are text files often carrying a unique identifier. they are sent by web servers to web browsers, and then returned to web servers as soon as browsers request access to a web page.
witekio cookie’s management system is axeptio, a system that is up to date with the current legislation on compliance with gdpr & eprivacy.
web servers use cookies to identify and track users when they visit different pages of a website, and to identify those who access the same website several times. cookies facilitate your navigation and guarantee connection security.
cookies can be permanent or temporary. a permanent cookie is a text file sent by a web server to a web browser and stored by the latter. a permanent cookie remains valid until it expires (unless the user removes it before the expiration date). a temporary cookie (or a “session”) expires at the end of the user’s session when closing the web browser.
for more information about cookies:
https://www.allaboutcookies.org/fr/
https://www.cnil.fr/fr/cookies-les-outils-pour-les-maitriser
https://www.youronlinechoices.com/be-fr/
cookies used on this website
witekio uses temporary and permanent cookies on its website.the cookies we can issue are divided into 2 categories:
statistics and audience – these cookies track traffic and behavior such as the number of visits on the website, and the behavior of the visitor.
operating cookies: these cookies are essential for browsing our site (such as session ids) that allow you to use the main features of the site and secure your connection.
performance and analysis cookies: these cookies allow us to know the use and performance of our site, to establish statistics, volumes of use, and use of the various elements of our site (content visited, browsing) allowing us to improve the convenience and ergonomics of our services (pages or sections browsed most often, articles most read, etc.). which also includes personalized ads to extend the experience from the witekio experience.
cookies are also used to count visitors to a page.
how to use cookies
cookies do not contain any information that could identify you directly; however, we may associate personal information collected by other means with the data stored in cookies and obtained through them.
witekio may use information about your use of its website collected via cookies for the following purposes:
to recognize your computer when browsing its website;
to monitor you when you browse its website and allow you to use specific personalized features;
to simplify the use of its website;
to analyze how to use the website;
the witekio site uses google analytics to analyze how its website is used. google analytics generates statistical and other information related to the use of the website using cookies stored on users’ computers.
google saves this data. google’s privacy policy is available at:www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
disabling cookies
if you want to disable all or some of the cookies on your device, you can do this through axeptio on the website (available on all the pages in the bottom left corner), you can also configure your browser.
internet explorer™: https://windows.microsoft.com/fr-fr/windows-vista/block-or-allow-cookies
safari™: docs.info.apple.com/article.html?path=safari/3.0/fr/9277.html
chrome™: support.google.com/chrome/bin/answer.py?hl=fr&hlrm=en&answer=95647
firefox™: support.mozilla.org/fr/kb/activer%20et%20d%c3%a9sactiver%20les%20cookies
opera™: help.opera.com/windows/10.20/fr/cookies.html
please note that blocking all cookies may have a negative impact on the ease of use of the website, as you will not be able to use all the features.
waiver of liability
this privacy policy applies only to information collected by the witekio website. the latter may contain links to other external sites. however, witekio cannot guarantee that these websites have a privacy policy that is compliant with the european parliament and council (eu) 2016/679 of 27 april 2016 on the protection of privacy with respect to the privacy and the processing of personal data. therefore, please read the privacy policies of the websites you visit before sending them your personal data.
questions
for any comments or questions about this privacy policy or your personal data, contact us at contact@witekio.com or by mail:
14 rue rhin et danube – 69009 lyon – france
v2021.2
we help high tech makersbuild great software
1newslettersignup
software servicessystem designembedded software developmentiot securitymigrationconnectivityoptimizationcloud
system design
embedded software development
iot security
migration
connectivity
optimization
cloud
software acceleratorsplumaboard support package development servicesota update solution
pluma
board support package development services
ota update solution
drivers of innovationsoftware factory: high quality softwaresoftware workshops: share our knowledgeux design: our user centric approach
software factory: high quality software
software workshops: share our knowledge
ux design: our user centric approach
join usopenings
openings
success storiescase studiesmarket cases
case studies
market cases
blog
our white papers
embedded linux development
vulnerability disclosure policy
privacy policy
legal notices
