about workwise
subscriptions
login
try workwise for free
about workwise
subscriptions
login
try workwise for free
about workwise
subscriptions
login
try workwise for free
privacy policy
protecting your private information is our priority. this statement of privacy applies to www.getworkwise.com and mission control productivity, llc and governs data collection and usage. for the purposes of this privacy policy, unless otherwise noted, all references to mission control productivity, llc include www.getworkwise.com and mission control. the mission control website is an online learning site. by using the mission control website, you consent to the data practices described in this statement.
collection of your personal information
in order to better provide you with products and services offered on our site, mission control may collect personally identifiable information, such as your:
– first and last name
– e-mail address
if you purchase mission control’s products and services, we collect billing and credit card information. this information is used to complete the purchase transaction.
mission control may also collect anonymous demographic information, which is not unique to you, such as your:
– age
– employment status
we do not collect any personal information about you unless you voluntarily provide it to us. however, you may be required to provide certain personal information to us when you elect to use certain products or services available on the site. these may include: (a) registering for an account on our site; (b) entering a sweepstakes or contest sponsored by us or one of our partners; (c) signing up for special offers from selected third parties; (d) sending us an email message; (e) submitting your credit card or other payment information when ordering and purchasing products and services on our site. to wit, we will use your information for, but not limited to, communicating with you in relation to services and/or products you have requested from us. we also may gather additional personal or non-personal information in the future.
use of your personal information
mission control collects and uses your personal information to operate its website(s) and deliver the services you have requested.
mission control may also use your personally identifiable information to inform you of other products or services available from mission control and its affiliates.
sharing information with third parties
mission control does not sell, rent or lease its customer lists to third parties.
mission control may share data with trusted partners to help perform statistical analysis, send you email or postal mail, provide customer support, or arrange for deliveries. all such third parties are prohibited from using your personal information except to provide these services to mission control, and they are required to maintain the confidentiality of your information.
mission control may disclose your personal information, without notice, if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to: (a) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on mission control or the site; (b) protect and defend the rights or property of mission control; and/or (c) act under exigent circumstances to protect the personal safety of users of mission control, or the public.
tracking user behavior
mission control may keep track of the websites and pages our users visit within mission control, in order to determine what mission control services are the most popular. this data is used to deliver customized content and advertising within mission control to customers whose behavior indicates that they are interested in a particular subject area.
automatically collected information
information about your computer hardware and software may be automatically collected by mission control. this information can include: your ip address, browser type, domain names, access times and referring website addresses. this information is used for the operation of the service, to maintain quality of the service, and to provide general statistics regarding use of the mission control website.
security of your personal information
mission control secures your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure. mission control uses the following methods for this purpose:
– ssl protocol
when personal information (such as a credit card number) is transmitted to other websites, it is protected through the use of encryption, such as the secure sockets layer (ssl) protocol.
we strive to take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or alteration of your personal information. unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet or any wireless network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information, you acknowledge that: (a) there are security and privacy limitations inherent to the internet which are beyond our control; and (b) security, integrity, and privacy of any and all information and data exchanged between you and us through this site cannot be guaranteed.
children under thirteen
mission control does not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under the age of thirteen. if you are under the age of thirteen, you must ask your parent or guardian for permission to use this website.
disconnecting your mission control account from third party websites
you will be able to connect your mission control account to third party accounts. by connecting your mission control account to your third party account, you acknowledge and agree that you are consenting to the continuous release of information about you to others (in accordance with your privacy settings on those third party sites). if you do not want information about you, including personally identifying information, to be shared in this manner, do not use this feature. you may disconnect your account from a third party account at any time. by contacting us via email/telephone or under their ‘my account’ page.
e-mail communications
from time to time, mission control may contact you via email for the purpose of providing announcements, promotional offers, alerts, confirmations, surveys, and/or other general communication. in order to improve our services, we may receive a notification when you open an email from mission control or click on a link therein.
if you would like to stop receiving marketing or promotional communications via email from mission control, you may opt-out of such communications by customers may unsubscribe from emails by following the ‘unsubscribe’ link at the bottom of every email.
changes to this statement
mission control reserves the right to change this privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you about significant changes in the way we treat personal information by sending a notice to the primary email address specified in your account, by placing a prominent notice on our site, and/or by updating any privacy information on this page. your continued use of the site and/or services available through this site after such modifications will constitute your: (a) acknowledgment of the modified privacy policy; and (b) agreement to abide and be bound by that policy.
contact information
mission control welcomes your questions or comments regarding this statement of privacy. if you believe that mission control has not adhered to this statement, please contact mission control at:
mission control productivity, llc290 turnpike road, suite 150 pmb 323westborough, massachusetts 01581
email address:info@missioncontrol.com
effective as of may 01, 2019
sign up now
privacy policy
terms and conditions
contact us
©workwise 2020
