3Forge, LLC and its subsidiaries ("3FORGE" or "3forge.
com" or "we") respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personal information that you may share with us.
This Privacy Policy describes how we may collect and use your personal information.
Personal information means any information that may be used to identify an individual, including, but not limited to, a first and last name, email address, a home, postal or other physical address, other contact information, title, occupation, industry, personal interests, and other information when needed to provide a service or product or carry out a transaction you have requested.
Unless you choose to voluntarily provide the information to us, we do not collect personally identifiable information about you, such as your name, address, telephone number, fax number, or e-mail address.
For instance, you may be asked to provide us with your personal information when you apply for a job opening, register to attend a company event, or wish to subscribe to a newsletter.
If you elect to submit any personal information, your submission is subject to the terms of this Privacy Policy and you consent to such terms.
Like many other commercial websites, the 3FORGE website may use standard technologies, such as "cookies" and other HTML tools, to collect information about how you use the site or to record that you opened an email marketing message.
As such, we may log your IP address (the Internet address of your computer) to give us an idea of which part of our website you visit and how long you spend there.
See section entitled "Cookies" below.
Some parts of the 3FORGE website use cookies to track user traffic patterns.
We do this in order to determine the usefulness of our website information to our users and to see how effective our navigational structure is in helping users reach that information.
A cookie is a small data file that certain web sites write to your hard drive when you visit them.
A cookie file can contain information such as a user ID that the site uses to track the pages you have visited.
If you prefer not to receive cookies while browsing our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence.
You can also refuse all cookies by turning them off in your browser, although you may not be able to take full advantage of the 3Forge, LLC website if you do so.
In particular, you may be required to accept cookies in order to complete certain actions on our website.
You do not need to have cookies turned on, however, to use/navigate through many parts of our website, except access to certain of 3FORGE's web pages that require a login and password.
When personal information is collected, we will inform you at the point of collection the purpose for the collection.
3Forge, LLC will not transfer your personal information to third parties without your consent, except under the limited conditions described under the section entitled "Information Sharing and Disclosure" below.
In most cases we will provide you with the opportunity to "opt in" prior to receiving direct marketing or market research information.
This means we will require your affirmative action to indicate your consent before we use your information for purposes other than the purpose for which it was submitted.
At a minimum, we will always give you the opportunity to "opt out" of receiving such materials.
This means we assume you have given us your consent to collect and use your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy unless you take affirmative action to indicate that you do not consent, for instance by clicking or checking the appropriate option or box at the point of collection.
3Forge, LLC uses personal information for several general purposes.
to fulfill your requests for certain products and services, to personalize your experience on our website, to keep you up to date on the latest product announcements, software updates, special offers or other information we think you would like to hear about either from us or from our business partners, and to better understand your needs and provide you with better services.
We may also use your information to send you, or to have our business partners send you, direct marketing information or contact you for market research.
We do not transfer or share your information except as provided below.
3Forge, LLC and its companies are committed to protecting your personal information and do so with certain physical and technological procedures.
However, we cannot ensure the security of the information as you transmit it to us, and so we urge you to take every precaution to protect your personal data when you are on the Internet.
This includes using a secure browser where applicable.
We may amend this Privacy Policy from time to time.
If we make any substantial changes in the way we use your personal information we will make that information available by posting a notice on this site.
We may also, but are not required to, notify you by email or regular mail.
This Privacy Policy was last updated March 1, 2012.
© 2020 3forge, LLC.
All rights reserved.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Use.
