what is accumine?
productsai cloud platformindustrial uxindustrial edgemovesensorbot
ai cloud platform
industrial ux
industrial edge
move
sensorbot
industrieslogisticsmanufacturingoil & gaswarehousing
logistics
manufacturing
oil & gas
warehousing
customers
resourcesaccumine universitydeveloper api
accumine university
developer api
contact
log in
your privacy is critically important to us.
accumine technologies ltd. is located at:
it is accumine technologies ltd.’s policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect while operating our website. this privacy policy applies to https://accumine.com (hereinafter, “us”, “we”, or “https://accumine.com”). we respect your privacy and are committed to protecting personally identifiable information you may provide us through the website. we have adopted this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) to explain what information may be collected on our website, how we use this information, and under what circumstances we may disclose the information to third parties. this privacy policy applies only to information we collect through the website and does not apply to our collection of information from other sources.
this privacy policy, together with the terms and conditions posted on our website, set forth the general rules and policies governing your use of our website. depending on your activities when visiting our website, you may be required to agree to additional terms and conditions.
website visitors
like most website operators, accumine technologies ltd. collects non-personally-identifying information of the sort that web browsers and servers typically make available, such as the browser type, language preference, referring site, and the date and time of each visitor request. accumine technologies ltd.’s purpose in collecting non-personally identifying information is to better understand how accumine technologies ltd.’s visitors use its website. from time to time, accumine technologies ltd. may release non-personally-identifying information in the aggregate, e.g., by publishing a report on trends in the usage of its website.
accumine technologies ltd. also collects potentially personally-identifying information like internet protocol (ip) addresses for logged in users and for users leaving comments on https://accumine.com blog posts. accumine technologies ltd. only discloses logged in user and commenter ip addresses under the same circumstances that it uses and discloses personally-identifying information as described below.
gathering of personally-identifying information
certain visitors to accumine technologies ltd.’s websites choose to interact with accumine technologies ltd. in ways that require accumine technologies ltd. to gather personally-identifying information. the amount and type of information that accumine technologies ltd. gathers depends on the nature of the interaction. for example, we ask visitors who sign up for a blog at https://accumine.com to provide a username and email address.
security
the security of your personal information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
advertisements
ads appearing on our website may be delivered to users by advertising partners, who may set cookies. these cookies allow the ad server to recognize your computer each time they send you an online advertisement to compile information about you or others who use your computer. this information allows ad networks to, among other things, deliver targeted advertisements that they believe will be of most interest to you. this privacy policy covers the use of cookies by accumine technologies ltd. and does not cover the use of cookies by any advertisers.
links to external sites
our service may contain links to external sites that are not operated by us. if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit.
we have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites, products or services.
https://accumine.com uses google adwords for remarketing
https://accumine.com uses the remarketing services to advertise on third party websites (including google) to previous visitors to our site. it could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. this could be in the form of an advertisement on the google search results page, or a site in the google display network. third-party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits. of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and google’s privacy policy.
you can set preferences for how google advertises to you using the google ad preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
aggregated statistics
accumine technologies ltd. may collect statistics about the behavior of visitors to its website. accumine technologies ltd. may display this information publicly or provide it to others. however, accumine technologies ltd. does not disclose your personally-identifying information.
affiliate disclosure
this site uses affiliate links and does earn a commission from certain links. this does not affect your purchases or the price you may pay.
cookies
to enrich and perfect your online experience, accumine technologies ltd. uses “cookies”, similar technologies and services provided by others to display personalized content, appropriate advertising and store your preferences on your computer.
a cookie is a string of information that a website stores on a visitor’s computer, and that the visitor’s browser provides to the website each time the visitor returns. accumine technologies ltd. uses cookies to help accumine technologies ltd. identify and track visitors, their usage of https://accumine.com, and their website access preferences. accumine technologies ltd. visitors who do not wish to have cookies placed on their computers should set their browsers to refuse cookies before using accumine technologies ltd.’s websites, with the drawback that certain features of accumine technologies ltd.’s websites may not function properly without the aid of cookies.
by continuing to navigate our website without changing your cookie settings, you hereby acknowledge and agree to accumine technologies ltd.’s use of cookies.
privacy policy changes
although most changes are likely to be minor, accumine technologies ltd. may change its privacy policy from time to time, and in accumine technologies ltd.’s sole discretion. accumine technologies ltd. encourages visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to its privacy policy. your continued use of this site after any change in this privacy policy will constitute your acceptance of such change.
credit & contact information
this privacy policy was created at termsandconditionstemplate.com. if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us via email or phone.
products
cloud platformedgeindustrial uxgps/ipssensorbot
industries
logisticsmanufacturingoil & gaswarehousing
resources
developer apiaccumine university
misc
customerscontactlogin to cloud platform
© 2020 accumine technologies ltd.     privacy policy     cookie settings
