products
what's new  perfect for ps5external ssd series learn more  passion + expertiseexternal ssd series learn more  ultimate warriors  durable series learn more
perfect for ps5
external ssd series
passion + expertise
external ssd series
ultimate warriors
durable series
support  download technical support  faqs  contact support  contact support contact usservice status inquiryservice hotline rma service  rma service  usb flash drive online recovery knowledge center - quiktips product registration warranty check warranty information anti-counterfeit initiatives
download
technical support
faqs
contact support  contact support contact usservice status inquiryservice hotline
contact support
contact us
contact us
service status inquiry
service status inquiry
service hotline
service hotline
rma service  rma service  usb flash drive online recovery
rma service
usb flash drive online recovery
usb flash drive online recovery
knowledge center - quiktips
product registration
warranty check
warranty information
anti-counterfeit initiatives
official store
privacy
adata technology co., ltd. (including its subsidiaries and affiliates, hereafter collectively referred to as “adata,” “us,” “our,” or “we”) respects and pledges to protect your personal privacy. we are committed to protect your personal privacy and information security pursuant to the relevant laws and regulations. adata's privacy protection policy and personal information related statements for certain adata products and services (hereafter "the policy") will help you to understand how we collect, use, store, and protect the personal information collected from you through adata products and services. we will also explain how we disclose and transfer your personal information and to whom. if you are a minor, your parent (or guardian) must read and understand this policy before you can use this service. if you use this service and you or your parent (or guardian) has agreed to provide your personal information to us, you or your parent (or guardian) is deemed to have agreed to this policy.
1. information collection and collection method
when you use adata products and services (such as: adata's official website, customer support services, etc.), we may collect the personal information that you provide to us via adata products and services. the following is a summary of the personal information items that adata may collect via its various products and services, and the reasons for collecting such personal information. please be aware that we will only collect your personal information based on the specific data collection purposes for the adata products and services that you actually use. in addition, when you use adata products and services, we may also collect the following anonymous information that cannot identify you personally. when you use adata products and services, you do not necessarily have to provide the personal information we require. however, if you choose not to provide said information, we may not be able to provide products or services to you or answer your questions in many cases.
1.1 personal information collected by adata
when you register as an adata member, you must provide your true, correct, up-to-date, and complete registration information such as your name, e-mail address, and country/region. if you elect to register as an adata member using your facebook community account, facebook may share your account information (i.e., e-mail, name, nickname, and date of birth) with adata under the premise that you have provided consent. moreover, when you login to the "adata member center” (enter the "adata member center” website： http://www.adata.com/us/support/login/ →click "product registration" in the "support and service" drop-down menu at the top of the page → enter your adata member account/password → enter the "adata member center”), you are free to choose whether to provide other personal information (such as gender, birthday, contact number, address) in the "personal information” page. when you try adata member related services (“product registration,” “product history data query,” “acronis software information,” etc.); you may also choose whether to provide personal information related to the services (i.e., product category, serial number, purchase date, purchase channel, and other information that may be used to identify the product).
when you purchase adata products from us (i.e., adata products from our official shopping platform in taiwan); you may need to provide your name, mailing address (including zip code), phone number, e-mail address, and payment information during some payment services. in addition, when you ask us for customer support services (i.e., product repair), we may require you to provide additional identification information for your product (i.e., serial number or model) in addition to the aforesaid information.
when you participate in marketing activities or prize contests organized by adata; you may need to provide your name, phone number, e-mail address, date of birth, gender, product identification (i.e., product serial number, product model), and other personal information according to the types of activities you participate. if you are a prize contest winner or want to receive gifts, you may be required to provide your mailing address (i.e., zip code) or information necessary for tax declaration (i.e., photocopy of your household registration address or id card/passport number). in addition, to provide you with product rebates via the aforesaid marketing activities, we may require you to provide additional remittance information in addition to the personal information you provided when participating in the aforesaid marketing activities or prize contests.
1.2 purpose of use for your personal information
improve and upgrade adata products and services.
user experience survey and analysis for developing and evaluating adata’s new products, services, and functions.
complete adata member account creation and experience adata member related services (such as "product registration” or "acronis software information").
provide services (including proof of purchase or invoice), product software upgrades, or product and service update notifications for the adata products and services you purchased from adata.
complete your subscription for marketing materials related to services such as adata related news, discounts, marketing activities, and other information. please note that you have agreed for adata to use your personal information when you subscribe, and you may unsubscribe at any time.
notify you of important notices related to your rights, such as when the terms and policies applicable to adata products and services have been changed. attention: to protect your rights, you will not be able to cancel receiving this notice.
when you participate in our marketing activities or prize contests; your personal information will be used to confirm your qualifications and for event updates, awards delivery contact matters, product rebates, tax declaration, and purchase insurance for you if shuttle service is necessary for the event.
when you contact adata or visit adata’s maintenance base or office; your personal information and audio/video/conversation record data collected by us shall be used to provide you with support services (such as maintenance services, reply to your questions or inquiries), customer care, satisfaction surveys, retrieve feedback, maintain your rights, and ensure personnel safety in the area.
individualized marketing, such as third-party advertisement cookies, is used to provide marketing and advertising content that meets your personal preferences and recommend service content suitable to you based on how you have used adata products and services in the past.
any other purposes after obtaining your consent.
1.3 purpose of use for anonymous information collected by adata
when you use adata products and services, we may collect the data generated when you use your products or services or related to your behavior and interaction with the application. examples include the name and version of the application and software, the time you installed and uninstalled, the number and time of your login and logout, the frequency of use, the number and time you turned the device on and off, the type of application and software you prefer, your usage habits, or the app and software update versions and results.
when you ask us for customer support services (such as product maintenance) or participate in our marketing activities, we may need to ask you to provide the product purchase information (such as invoice purchase date or purchase store).
2. personal information retention period
we shall retain your personal information for the period necessary to complete the purpose of use described in this policy, or retain the data for a longer period under the following legal or necessary circumstances: i.e., we shall retain your personal information for an appropriate and reasonable period of time for customer relationship management or to comply with tax laws or other legal requirements, or retain your personal information for a specific period as required by law or to cooperate with government or judicial authority investigations or litigations. moreover, if you have initially provided consent for adata to collect your personal information but later wish to withdraw this consent, we shall no longer continue to collect your personal information after you withdraw your consent, but shall only keep what we had collected from you before you withdrew your consent.
3. who do we disclose your personal information to
adata shall not disclose your personal information to other third parties except under any of the following circumstances:
3.1 we have obtained your consent
we shall only disclose and share your personal information to third parties other than adata after obtaining your consent or when you requested us to share.
3.2 cooperation partners
we may collect and redact your personal information (so you are no longer identifiable using the information via reverse tracing) before we disclose said information to our cooperation partners for the purpose of providing you with advertisement marketing and promotional contents that are catered to your personal preferences（i.e., advertising cookies for our third party partners）.
3.3 service providers
we shall also disclose and share the necessary items from your personal information with our service providers within the scope of purposes mentioned in this policy so as to provide services to you. examples include marketing companies that assist us to send marketing materials and organize marketing activities, shipping companies that deliver the products you have purchased or requested, fund processing vendors that handle the payments, and customer service providers （adata telephone customer services, adata online live customer services, adata product maintenance services, etc.） that offer you customer services. these service providers shall comply with our instructions to use your personal information within the scope of purpose stipulated in this policy, and we shall also ensure their compliance with this policy.
3.4 for legal or protection purposes
when it is necessary to comply with laws and regulations; the requirements of the competent authority or judicial unit; lawful security requests; or to defend, prevent, or investigate fraud or other illegal acts.
protect the rights, property, and security of adata, our service providers, our users, or the public within the scope permitted by law.
4. cross-border transmission
you understand and agree that when you use adata products or services, participate in adata activities or provide your personal information to us; your personal information may be held by our affiliated companies in various countries (including within and outside of eu) and my undergo cross-border transmission, storage, processing, and utilization between service providers. the aforesaid cross-border transmission, storage, processing, and utilization shall comply with this policy and the relevant laws and regulations regarding personal privacy and information security in various countries.
5. cookies and similar technologies
each time you visit the adata website, we shall automatically collect certain anomalous information that cannot be used to identify you. we may use cookies, tags, server logs, and other technologies to obtain or store this information. the purpose for collecting this anonymous information is to better understand how you use adata’s website or improve the overall website quality and users experiences.
5.1 definition of “cookies”
cookies are short texts used to store information on a web browser. cookies are widely used to store and receive identification codes and other data on computers, mobile phones, and other devices. we also use other technologies (including data that we store on your web browser or device, and identification codes associated with your device) and other software (including web indicators and pixel tags) for similar purposes. in this cookies statement, we shall refer to all such technologies as "cookies."
5.2 types of cookies
necessary cookies: strictly speaking, these cookies are necessary to provide our website services to you and enable the necessary functions such as shopping cart or product application. if you disable such cookies, we shall be unable to fulfill your requests.
performance and functional cookies: these cookies collect information about how you use our website and services, and allow us to remember your browsing choices browsing. the information collected by such cookies allows us to optimize our website and make it easier to use. it shall not be used to identify you individually. if you disable or cancel such cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our website, applications, and services or may reduce the support or information we can provide to you.
cookies collect the information we use in a summary form to help us understand how users use our website, applications, and services; the effectiveness of our marketing activities; and help us to better customize the website. if you disable or cancel such cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our website, applications, and services or may reduce the support or information we can provide to you.
advertisement cookies: such cookies collect information about your browsing and shopping history, and are used to deliver advertising messages that are catered to your preferences. they prevent the same advertisements from appearing repeatedly, ensure that the advertisements are displayed correctly, and select advertisements based on your preferences in some cases. we may share this information with third parties to help create and deliver ads that are customized for you and based on your preferences. if you disable or cancel such cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our website, applications, and services or may reduce the support or information we can provide to you.
social network cookies: such cookies let you share pages and content on our website and services via third-party social networks and other websites. these cookies may also be used for advertisement purposes.
5.3 cookies placed by third parties
you may also encounter cookies placed by third parties on our websites, apps, and services. for example, when you buy our products online, our e-commerce vendors may use cookies and other technologies. we may also allow third parties to place cookies on our website to track information about your online activities and/or cross-third-party websites or online services for the purpose of delivering targeted advertisements to you based on this information, which may include remarketing of our products and services that you have browsed on our website and third party websites. this cookies statement does not apply to cookies, applications, technologies, or websites owned and/or operated by third parties or the practices of such third parties even if they also use or access our technology to retain or collect information. please review third party privacy and cookies policies to understand how they use cookies.
5.4 how to manage cookies settings
please note that you can manage your cookies settings based on your browser preferences. you may freely restrict the use of all or part of the cookies (i.e., third party cookies), delete the cookies records, or adjust other settings.
in some countries, when you browse the adata website for the first time, we shall place a short cookies description text at the top banner of the website. you can freely select to enable or reject the use of the aforesaid third party cookies in this banner.
cookies collect the information we use in a summary form to help us understand how users use our website, applications, and services; the effectiveness of our marketing activities; and help us to better customize the website. if you disable or cancel such cookies, you may not be able to use certain features of our website, applications, and services or may reduce the support or information we can provide to you.
depending on the type and version of the browser installed in your product, the cookies function settings of the browser may be different and may change. here are a few common browser types currently on the market. you can refer to the following links to learn how to manage the cookies settings of these browsers (the contents of the following website links are in chinese, please click on the language option on these sites to select a language that is convenient for you to read). if you are not using the following browsers or the contents of the following links are removed, please visit the support page of the browser installed in your product or the browser manufacture's privacy page for more information. you can also refer to https://www.aboutcookies.org/ (english content), which provides instructions on how to manage cookies settings for many different browsers.
clear, enable, and manage cookies for google chrome browser：https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
clear, enable, and manage cookies for microsoft internet explorer browser：https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/278835/how-to-delete-cookie-files-in-internet-explorer
clear, enable, and manage cookies for mozilla firefox browser：https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
clear, enable, and manage cookies for apple safari browser：https://support.apple.com/kb/ph21411?locale=zh_tw&viewlocale=en_us
6. third-party links and services
adata products and services may provide links to other websites, or use third party services (hereafter "third parties"). please acknowledge that personal information collection by such third parties is not related to us. you should be aware when you have left adata products or services, and be sure to read and understand the privacy policy applicable to the third party. please note that this policy only applies to products and services provided by adata.
7. security measures for adata products and services
we shall adopt appropriate technical and organizational information security protection measures such as internal personal information collection, storage, and processing inspections; other physical security measures in order to prevent any theft, tampering, leakage, or damage; and prevent intrusion of the system where we store your personal information. adata and our affiliated companies in various countries also adopt secure network dedicated lines for data transmission. when you provide personal information to us, your personal information shall be protected both online and offline. however, we cannot guarantee that the overall network environment is safe and secure. we recommend the following to fully protect your rights:
7.1 properly protect your adata member account, for example：
when creating an adata member account, use a combination of mixed letters and numbers to create your password.
for security, you should use your own account and password to login as adata member. you shall be responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your adata member's account password, user name, and any actions taken using your adata member account.
change your adata member password regularly to prevent any unauthorized access, use, or deletion without your permission.
when your adata member account password is stolen, please contact us immediately, promptly suspend or terminate your adata member account password permission (or partially), and remove any information related to your adata member.
7.2 update anti-virus software
you should also update your anti-virus software and use anti-virus or malware scanning programs to ensure the security of your personal information.
7.3 contact us immediately
if you are aware of or discovered any technical weaknesses that can damage adata’s products and services, please contact us immediately via the following e-mail: sns@adata.com
8. how do we manage your information
this section introduces how you can make information related queries or demands from adata. you can login to the "adata member center,” refer to the related functions and descriptions of adata products and services that you actually use, contact us through the "consumer personal information application" interface on adata's official website, or send an e-mail to sns@adata.com.
8.1 adata member account：
please provide your true, correct, up-to-date, and complete adata member information so we may offer the corresponding products and services to you.
you can also enter the "adata member center" to update, modify, and view your adata member information at any time.
if you want to subscribe or unsubscribe a newsletter, you can go to the "adata member center" to change the setting at any time. if you choose to unsubscribe a newsletter, please note that it will take about 2 working days to complete the process.
8.2 set the cookies (please refer to 5.4 “how to manage cookies settings” in article 5 “cookies and similar technologies”)：
you may restrict the use of all or part of the cookies settings (i.e., third party cookies), delete the cookies records, or adjust other settings through your browser.
if you do not want us to provide individualized marketing and ad contents based on your preferences via third party advertisement cookies, you can use your browser to reject or delete such third party cookies records.
8.3 contact adata to manage the personal information you provided：
if you wish to update, access, delete, review, download, and prohibit our use of some or all of your personal information or membership data you provided to adata (i.e., you think we have improperly collected or used your information), restrict our use of your personal information (i.e., you do not want us to use your personal information for analysis), etc.; you can use the "consumer personal information application" interface on the adata official website or e-mail to sns@adata.com  to contact us. moreover, if you have initially provided consent for adata to collect your personal information but later wish to withdraw this consent, you can select this setting for your adata products or services at any time (please refer to descriptions provided in 8.2). we shall no longer continue to collect your personal information after you withdraw your consent, but will retain what we have collected from you before you withdrew your consent.
8.4 [attention] exclusions
circumstances whereby we are permitted to retain your information within the scope permitted by law；
we must retained your information for the purpose of providing legitimate services；
if meeting your request exceeds the reasonable range of resource usage and technical support. for example, your request can only be completed by developing or constructing a brand new system or changing the current service provision model.；
there is a risk of endangering the privacy of others.
8.5 right to receive information
you are entitled to receive identifiable personal information about you, and have the right to request the company to transmit this information to a third party if permitted the company's technical parameters.
8.6 right to issue a complaint
under the premise of gdpr, if you believe adata (or a third party that receives transmissions from adata) has failed to process your personal information in accordance with the gdpr and failed to resolve your problem after receiving a request from you, you are entitled to lodge a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority of the eu member state from where you live, work, or claim the infringement occurred. you also have the right to file legal proceedings. such legal proceedings shall be filed in a court of eu member states where you live or where adata (or the third party that receives the transmissions from adata) is located.
9. privacy right for minors
we shall not collect personal information from minors under the age of twenty (20) or otherwise specified in accordance with local laws or regulations without the knowledge of, or obtaining consent from, the minors’ parent (or guardian). we recommend that parent (or guardian) should accompany the minor throughout the process of using adata products and services. if you are a minor, please obtain consent from your parent (or guardian). you may only provide personal information to us after we confirm that you have obtained consent from your parent (or guardian). your parent (or guardian) can revoke or withdraw the consent at any time, and e-mail us at sns@adata.com to update, access, delete, review, download, and prohibit our use of some or all of your personal information (i.e., you think we have improperly collected or used your information); restrict our use of your personal information (i.e., you do not want us to use your personal information for analysis); etc.
10. special or sensitive personal information
we shall not ask you to, and please do not provide special or sensitive personal information such as your medical history, medical or health examination records, political orientation, religious and philosophical beliefs, race, union member information, sexual orientation, sexuality life, criminal record, or genetic information to adata.
11. changes to this policy
we may revise this policy on irregularly, so we recommend that you review the policy from time to time. if you continue to use adata’s products or services after this policy is revised, you are deemed to have agreed to the revised policy. we shall announce any major changes to this policy on this service webpage or send an e-mail notification letter to inform you. you can check the bottom of this policy page to verify the last update time of this policy.
12. contact us
if you have any comments, questions, opinions, or concerns about this policy or if you think we may have violated this policy, you are welcome to contact us at any time. if you believe we cannot handle your personal information related dispute properly, you are entitled to lodge a complaint with the personal information authority in your country at any time.
adata technology co., ltd.address: f. 2, no. 258, liancheng rd, zhonghe district, new taipei city, 235email: sns@adata.com
about adata
contact adata
about adata
investor relations
social responsibility
news / events
join adata
where to buy
explore our business
adata industrial solutions
adata lighting
adata xpg
follow us




copyright© 2022 adata technology co., ltd. all rights reserved.
