facebook
instagram
home
treatments & prices
reviews
about
blog
contact
search
menumenu
privacy policy
this privacy policy sets out how alison taylor medical cosmetics ltd uses and protects any information that you give alison taylor medical cosmetics ltd when you use this website.
alison taylor medical cosmetics ltd is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
alison taylor medical cosmetics ltd may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. this policy is effective from 7th november 2017.
what we collect
we may collect the following information:
name and occupation
contact information including email address
demographic information such as postcode
what we do with the information we gather
we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service, and in particular for the following reasons:
internal record keeping
we may use the information to improve our products and services.
we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided.
from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. we may contact you by email, phone, fax or mail. we may use the information to customise the website according to your interests.
security
we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
how we use cookies
a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer’s hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyse web traffic or lets you know when you visit a particular site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyse data about web page traffic and improve our website in order to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system.
overall, cookies help us provide you with a better website, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful and which you do not. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
links to other websites
our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
controlling your personal information
you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways:
whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by writing to or emailing us at hello@factorypattern.co.uk
we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.
you may request details of personal information which we hold about you under the data protection act 1998. a small fee will be payable. if you would like a copy of the information held on you please write to alison taylor medical cosmetics ltd, royal mews, cheltenham, gl50 3pq.
if you believe that any information we are holding on you is incorrect or incomplete, please write to or email us as soon as possible, at the above address. we will promptly correct any information found to be incorrect.
terms of use
welcome to our website. if you continue to browse and use this website, you are agreeing to comply with and be bound by the following terms and conditions of use, which together with our privacy policy govern alison taylor medical cosmetics ltd’s relationship with you in relation to this website. if you disagree with any part of these terms and conditions, please do not use our website.
the term ‘alison taylor medical cosmetics ltd’ or ‘us’ or ‘we’ refers to the owner of the website whose registered office is royal mews, cheltenham, gl50 3pq. our company registration number is 06720802. the term ‘you’ refers to the user or viewer of our website.
the use of this website is subject to the following terms of use:
the content of the pages of this website is for your general information and use only. it is subject to change without notice.
this website uses cookies to monitor browsing preferences.
neither we nor any third parties provide any warranty or guarantee as to the accuracy, timeliness, performance, completeness or suitability of the information and materials found or offered on this website for any particular purpose. you acknowledge that such information and materials may contain inaccuracies or errors and we expressly exclude liability for any such inaccuracies or errors to the fullest extent permitted by law.
your use of any information or materials on this website is entirely at your own risk, for which we shall not be liable. it shall be your own responsibility to ensure that any products, services or information available through this website meet your specific requirements.
this website contains material which is owned by or licensed to us. this material includes, but is not limited to, the design, layout, look, appearance and graphics. reproduction is prohibited other than in accordance with the copyright notice, which forms part of these terms and conditions.
all trademarks reproduced in this website, which are not the property of, or licensed to the operator, are acknowledged on the website.
unauthorised use of this website may give rise to a claim for damages and/or be a criminal offence.
from time to time, this website may also include links to other websites. these links are provided for your convenience to provide further information. they do not signify that we endorse the website(s). we have no responsibility for the content of the linked website(s).
your use of this website and any dispute arising out of such use of the website is subject to the laws of england, northern ireland, scotland and wales.
company details
alison taylor medical cosmetics ltdcompany registration number: 08687999
existing patients
if you're an existing patient, you can book online by using the 'book online' button below









about us
please read terms & conditions before your first visit.
the largest medical aesthetic clinic in the cotswolds, offering the latest treatments for skin tightening, and the whole range of non-invasive treatments. note the new name change to at skin science.
doctor and nurse, husband and wife team leading a clinic which now offers morpheus 8 and and huge range of lovely treatments, with expert and experienced hands, in a friendly and luxurious environment.
located in a luxury medical clinic in central cheltenham, the centre of the cotswolds, alison is able to offer you the culminated knowledge, training and passion for excellence which she has gained over the 23 years working as a nurse in the nhs and 15 years full time in aesthetic medicine.
discreetly located in clarence parade, you can be assured of a truly friendly, individual approach where you will not be pressured.
please note: there is often a 3-4 week waiting list so please plan ahead for appointments
terms & conditions
alison taylor medical cosmetics
new address:
at skin science
16/17 clarence parade
cheltenham
gl50 3pa
07887 808 680
info@alison-taylor.com

our opening hours
opening hours will vary with the cv-19 pandemic – please allow for flexibility.
increased appointment times for social distancing and all medical infection control measures will be carried out. this may mean a longer waiting list
please read more:  cov19 infection control measures
usual opening times will vary at busy times and holidays
monday:           closed (although times may vary)tuesday:           10 am – 5.00 pmwednesday:      9 am – 4 pmthursday:         10 am – 4.00 pmfriday:               10am – 3.00 pmsundays:          fortnightly saturday clinic 11am–3pm    variable dates
please note:
there is often a 3 – 4 week waiting list so book ahead if possible
facebook
instagram
home
treatments & prices
reviews
about
contact
blog
privacy policy & terms of use
