privacy policy
this privacy policy statement describe how ambiq micro (“ambiq micro,” “ambiq,” “we,” “us,” “our,” or the “company”) collect, use, protect, and retain your personal information (“personal information”) each time you use our website, products, or services.please contact us at support@ambiqmicro.com if you have any questions.
by using our website, you consent to the collection, use, sharing and retention of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
updates to this privacy policy
we may periodically update this privacy policy to stay up-to-date with new technologies, industry practices, and regulatory requirements, among other reasons. any non-material changes will take effect immediately upon posting of an updated privacy policy. if the changes are significant, we will notify you of such changes.
your continued use of our products and services after the effective date of the privacy statement means that you accept the revised privacy policy. if you do not agree to the privacy policy, original or revised, please refrain from using our products or services and contact us at support@ambiqmicro.com to close any account you may have created.
what personal information we collect
this privacy policy applies to all personal information we collect from you or about you.
information you provide such as contact information, such as your name, username, password, company name, mailing address, email address, and telephone number.
information about payments such as financial information, such as credit and debit card information.
preference information such as products desired, marketing preferences, order history, the type of device you use and its ip address, browsing information, and geolocation information.
information about you from third parties such as business partners, marketing agencies, vendors.
when and where we collect personal information
we collect personal information from you whenever you:
visit our websites;
visit our branded social media pages;
visit our offices;
receive communications from us;
register for, attend our events, webinars or contests.
how we use your personal information
we use the information we collect for the following purposes:
improve our website in order to provide a better user experience
tailor the content that is most interesting and relevent to you
communicate with you in responding to your questions, comment and requests
offer marketing and promotional information, as permitted by local law
comply with legal obligation and promote safety and security
unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email in the future to tell you about special events, new products and services, or changes to this privacy policy.
information protection and retention
we implement a variety of reasonable security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information. our website is also scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and they are required to keep the information confidential.
please be aware that, despite our efforts, no security system is impenetrable. in the event of a security breach, we will promptly notify you and the proper authorities if required by law.
we will retain your personal information for as long as it is necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law.
if you have any questions regarding security privacy, you can contact us at support@ambiqmicro.com.
tracking technologies/cookies
we and our third-party partners, such as advertising partners, marketing partners, and service providers, use certain technologies such as cookies to track activity on our sites. these technologies are used to provide, protect, and improve our products and services. we may receive reports based on the use of these technologies by these companies on an individual basis (that is, reports of your own activity) as well as on an aggregated basis (that is, reports of all user activity or of the activity of certain users as a group).
these technologies may also identify your location if you choose to share this information with us. please note that some mobile applications may automatically collect the location of your mobile device using technologies such as gps, wi-fi, or cell tower technology. most mobile devices allow you to withdraw your permission to us to acquire such location data through device settings. some browsers include the ability to transmit “do not track” signals. we do not process or respond to “do not track” signals.
your browser or device may offer settings that allow you to choose whether browser cookies are set and to delete them. for more information about these controls and to exercise your cookie preferences, visit your browser or device’s help material. if you choose to reject cookies, as noted above, you may not be able to use certain features of our websites and services.
third-party disclosure
we share personal information with companies that provide products or services on our behalf. these companies are obligated to protect your information and may be located wherever we operate.
we may also disclose personal information if we determine that for purposes of national security, law enforcement, or as a result of legal process, litigation, or requests from public or governmental authorities within or outside your country of residence, disclosure is necessary or appropriate.
we will respond to requests for information where required by to do so by law, or when we believe that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights and/or comply with a judicial proceeding, court order, request from a regulator or any other legal process served on us.
occassionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our websites or social media. these third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies, we encourage you to review the policies of these third-party sites. this policy applies solely to personal information collected by us.
your rights
we take reasonable steps to ensure that your personal information is accurate, complete, and up-to-date. depending on where you live, you may have the rights to access, correct, or delete the personal information we collect within general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) and california civil code sections 1798.100 et seq. (“ccpa”). to make such a request, please submit an email to support@ambiqmicro.com.
california privacy protection rights
caloppa is a california-enacted set of regulations that requires the following measures:
users can visit our sites anonymously
we will maintain a link to our privacy policy on our home page
our privacy policy link includes the word “privacy” and can easily be found on our home page
you will be notified of any privacy policy changes on our privacy policy page
children online privacy protection act (“coppa”)
we do not knowingly collect, use, or disclose information from children under 13. if you are under the age of 13, do not submit any information through our site. if we learn that we collected personal information from children under the age of 13, we will take steps to promptly delete that information. if you believe that a child under age 13 may have provided us with personal information, please contact us at support@ambiqmicro.com.
european union (eu)
when we share your personal information with our employees, partners, vendors, your personal information may be transferred to and/or made accessible from countries outside of the european economic area. in such circumstances, we will enter into model contractual clauses as adopted by the european commission, or rely on alternative legal bases such as the privacy shield, where applicable, or binding corporate rules where our employees, partners, and vendors have adopted such internal policies approved by european data protection authorities.
governing law
this privacy policy shall be construed and governed in accordance with the laws of the state of texas without application of choice-of-law provisions that would require application of the laws of another jurisdiction. by using our website and social media, all parties irrevocably submit themselves to the exclusive venue and personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts in austin, texas with regard to any dispute relating to use of our websites, social media, this agreement, or its enforcement.
you may contact us at newsletter@ambiq.com or:
ambiq micro, inc.attention: legal department6500 river place blvd, building 7, suite 200austin, tx 78730united states of america
this privacy policy was last modified on april 26, 2022
2022 ambiq micro, inc.
