中文
日本語
한국어
english
investor
careers
news
events
blog
contact

login
中文
日本語
한국어
english

login
products
3d sensors                                                                                3d sensors                                                                                            all 3d sensors                                                                flood illumination                                    stereoscopic imaging                                    structured light illumination
3d sensors
all 3d sensors
flood illumination
stereoscopic imaging
structured light illumination
audio                                                                                audio                                                                                            all audio                                                                active noise cancellation                                    power communication interface
audio
all audio
active noise cancellation
power communication interface
capacitive sensors                                                                                capacitive sensors                                                                                            all capacitive sensors                                                                i&q demodulation cap sensing
capacitive sensors
all capacitive sensors
i&q demodulation cap sensing
cmos imaging sensors                                                                                cmos imaging sensors                                                                                            all cmos imaging sensors                                                                area scan sensors                                    line scan sensors                                    miniature camera modules
cmos imaging sensors
all cmos imaging sensors
area scan sensors
line scan sensors
miniature camera modules
lidar
light sensors                                                                                light sensors                                                                                            all light sensors                                                                ambient light sensors                                    ambient light sensors & proximity detection                                    color sensors                                    color sensors & proximity detection                                    gesture, color sensors & proximity detection                                    light-to-frequency                                    linear array                                    proximity                                    spectral sensing
light sensors
all light sensors
ambient light sensors
ambient light sensors & proximity detection
color sensors
color sensors & proximity detection
gesture, color sensors & proximity detection
light-to-frequency
linear array
proximity
spectral sensing
medical & health sensing                                                                                medical & health sensing                                                                                            all medical & health sensing                                                                ct and digital x-ray                                    point of care diagnostics                                    vital sign sensing
medical & health sensing
all medical & health sensing
ct and digital x-ray
point of care diagnostics
vital sign sensing
position sensors                                                                                position sensors                                                                                            all position sensors                                                                angle position on-axis                                    inductive motor control                                    linear position
position sensors
all position sensors
angle position on-axis
inductive motor control
linear position
power management                                                                                power management                                                                                            all power management                                                                dc-dc boost converters                                    dc-dc charge pumps                                    led drivers                                    lighting management units                                    operational amplifiers                                    power management units                                    supervisors
power management
all power management
dc-dc boost converters
dc-dc charge pumps
led drivers
lighting management units
operational amplifiers
power management units
supervisors
sensor interfaces                                                                                sensor interfaces                                                                                            all sensor interfaces                                                                bus systems lin / can                                    battery sensor interfaces                                    signal converters
sensor interfaces
all sensor interfaces
bus systems lin / can
battery sensor interfaces
signal converters
smart lighting management                                                                                smart lighting management                                                                                            all smart lighting management                                                                smart lighting
smart lighting management
all smart lighting management
smart lighting
temperature sensors                                                                                temperature sensors                                                                                            all temperature sensors                                                                digital temperature sensors
temperature sensors
all temperature sensors
digital temperature sensors
wireless sensor nodes                                                                                wireless sensor nodes                                                                                            all wireless sensor nodes                                                                wireless sensor tags & interfaces
wireless sensor nodes
all wireless sensor nodes
wireless sensor tags & interfaces
asics                                                                                asics                                                                                            all asics                                                                benefits                                    development flow                                    design capability                                    asics applications                                    quality & operations
asics
all asics
benefits
development flow
design capability
asics applications
quality & operations
applications
automotive
computing
health sensing
industrial & smart home
mobile & wearables
technology
3d sensing                                                                                3d sensing                                                                                            all 3d sensing                                                                stereo vision                                    structured light                                    time of flight
3d sensing
all 3d sensing
stereo vision
structured light
time of flight
advanced packaging                                                                                advanced packaging                                                                                            all advanced packaging                                                                system in package
advanced packaging
all advanced packaging
system in package
audio sensing
capacitive sensing
cmos imaging                                                                                cmos imaging                                                                                            all cmos imaging                                                                cmos micro camera module
cmos imaging
all cmos imaging
cmos micro camera module
micro lens array
position sensing                                                                                position sensing                                                                                            all position sensing                                                                stray field immunity                                    dynamic angle error compensation                                    peripheral sensor interface 5
position sensing
all position sensing
stray field immunity
dynamic angle error compensation
peripheral sensor interface 5
spectral sensing
vcsel
full service foundry                                                                                full service foundry                                                                                            all full service foundry                                                                technology portfolio                                    automotive solutions                                    medical solutions                                    industrial & consumer solutions                                    work with us                                    services
full service foundry
all full service foundry
technology portfolio
automotive solutions
medical solutions
industrial & consumer solutions
work with us
services
support
search
download center
document feedback
technical papers
technical support
third party network                                                                                third party network                                                                                            all third party network                                                                independent design houses                                    magnet suppliers                                    module & solution providers
third party network
all third party network
independent design houses
magnet suppliers
module & solution providers
eol notifications
product changes
quality
longevity program
foundry design support
about us
corporate responsibility
management board                                                                                management board                                                                                            all management board                                                                alexander everke                                    ingo bank                                    thomas stockmeier                                    mark hamersma
management board
all management board
alexander everke
ingo bank
thomas stockmeier
mark hamersma
supervisory board
industry associations
public funded r&d                                                                                public funded r&d                                                                                            all public funded r&d                                                                european projects                                    national projects                                    international projects
public funded r&d
all public funded r&d
european projects
national projects
international projects
product stewardship
investor
careers
news
events
blog
contact
footer
footer corporate links
privacy policy
privacy policy
ams values your right to privacy highly. the information you entrust to us will be treated responsibly and consistent with the uses we define when we ask for it and those which you consent.
1. definitions
the data protection declaration of ams-osram ag is based on the terms used by the european legislator for the adoption of the general data protection regulation (gdpr). our data protection declaration should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners.
2. name and address of the controller
controller for the purposes of the general data protection regulation (gdpr), other data protection laws applicable in member states of the european union and other provisions related to data protection is:ams-osram agtobelbader strasse 308141 premstaettenaustriaphone: +43 3136 500-0email: dataprotection@ams.comwebsite: https://ams.comany data subject may, at any time, contact our data protection officer via email at dataprotection@ams.com directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.
3. cookies
the internet pages of ams-osram ag use cookies. through the use of cookies, ams-osram ag can provide the users of this website with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
you can find further information in our cookie policy which is accessable by clicking this link.
it also describes how you can object to the use of cookies and use of the data collected by cookies in anonymized or pseudonymized user profiles.

4. collection of general data and information
the website of ams-osram ag collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. this general data and information are stored in the server log files. collected may be (1) the browser types and versions used, (2) the operating system used by the accessing system, (3) the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers), (4) the sub-websites, (5) the date and time of access to the internet site, (6) an internet protocol address (ip address), (7) the internet service provider of the accessing system, and (8) any other similar data and information that may be used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.when using these general data and information, ams-osram ag does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. rather, this information is needed to (1) deliver the content of our website correctly, (2) optimize the content of our website as well as its advertisement, (3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, and (4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in case of a cyber-attack. therefore, ams-osram ag analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. the anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.if you decide to contact us via the options provided on the website, we will store your details so that we can refer to them when processing and responding to your inquiry. we do not pass this data on to third parties. once the purpose for which the details have been collected no longer applies, we will erase the data.please be aware that this website may contain links to other sites that are not governed by this policy. please review the privacy policy of each website visited before disclosing any personal information.

5. registration on our website
the data subject has the possibility to register on the website of the controller with the indication of personal data. which personal data are transmitted to the controller is determined by the respective input mask used for the registration. the personal data entered by the data subject are collected and stored exclusively for internal use by the controller, and for his own purposes. the controller may request transfer to one or more processors (e.g. a parcel service) that also uses personal data for an internal purpose which is attributable to the controller.by registering on the website of the controller, the ip address—assigned by the internet service provider (isp) and used by the data subject—date, and time of the registration are also stored. the storage of this data takes place against the background that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and, if necessary, to make it possible to investigate committed offenses. insofar, the storage of this data is necessary to secure the controller. this data is not passed on to third parties unless there is a statutory obligation to pass on the data, or if the transfer serves the aim of criminal prosecution.the registration of the data subject, with the voluntary indication of personal data, is intended to enable the controller to offer the data subject contents or services that may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of the matter in question. registered persons are free to change the personal data specified during the registration at any time, or to have them completely deleted from the data stock of the controller.
the data controller shall, at any time, provide information upon request to each data subject as to what personal data are stored about the data subject. in addition, the data controller shall correct or erase personal data at the request or indication of the data subject, insofar as there are no statutory storage obligations.

6. subscription to our newsletter
on the website of ams-osram ag, users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our enterprise's newsletter. the input mask used for this purpose determines what personal data are transmitted, as well as when the newsletter is ordered from the controller.ams-osram ag informs its customers and business partners regularly by means of a newsletter about enterprise offers. the enterprise's newsletter may only be received by the data subject if (1) the data subject has a valid e-mail address and (2) the data subject registers for the newsletter shipping. a confirmation e-mail will be sent to the e-mail address registered by a data subject for the first time for newsletter shipping, for legal reasons, in the double opt-in procedure. this confirmation e-mail is used to prove whether the owner of the e-mail address as the data subject is authorized to receive the newsletter.during the registration for the newsletter, we also store the ip address of the computer system assigned by the internet service provider (isp) and used by the data subject at the time of the registration, as well as the date and time of the registration. the collection of this data is necessary in order to understand the (possible) misuse of the e-mail address of a data subject at a later date, and it therefore serves the aim of the legal protection of the controller.the personal data collected as part of a registration for the newsletter will only be used to send our newsletter. in addition, subscribers to the newsletter may be informed by e-mail, as long as this is necessary for the operation of the newsletter service or a registration in question, as this could be the case in the event of modifications to the newsletter offer, or in the event of a change in technical circumstances. there will be no transfer of personal data collected by the newsletter service to third parties. the subscription to our newsletter may be terminated by the data subject at any time. the consent to the storage of personal data, which the data subject has given for shipping the newsletter, may be revoked at any time. for the purpose of revocation of consent, a corresponding link is found in each newsletter. it is also possible to unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time directly on the website of the controller, or to communicate this to the controller in a different way.

7. newsletter tracking
the newsletter of ams-osram ag contains so-called tracking pixels. a tracking pixel is a miniature graphic embedded in such e-mails, which are sent in html. format to enable log file recording and analysis. this allows a statistical analysis of the success or failure of online marketing campaigns. based on the embedded tracking pixel, ams-osram ag may see if and when an e-mail was opened by a data subject, and which links in the e-mail were called up by data subjects. each user has to give his consent to the use of this tracking pixels.  such personal data collected in the tracking pixels contained in the newsletters are stored and analyzed by the controller in order to optimize the shipping of the newsletter, as well as to adapt the content of future newsletters even better to the interests of the data subject. these personal data will not be passed on to third parties. data subjects are at any time entitled to revoke the respective separate declaration of consent issued by means of the double-opt-in procedure. after a revocation, these personal data will be deleted by the controller. ams-osram ag automatically regards a withdrawal from the receipt of the newsletter as a revocation.
8. contact possibility via website
the ams-osram ag website contains information that enables a quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us, which also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). if a data subject contacts the controller by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the data controller are stored for the purpose of processing or contacting the data subject. there is no transfer of this personal data to third parties.
9. rights of the data subject
a) right of confirmationb) right of accessc) right to rectificationd) right to erasure (right to be forgotten)e) right of restriction of processingf) right to data portabilityg) right to objecti) right to withdraw data protection consent

10. data protection provisions about the application and use of social media
ams may use social media sites such as facebook, linkedin and twitter. if you use these services, you should review their privacy policy for more information on how they deal with your personal information.
us providers
various cookies on our websites are operated by google llc and youtube llc, which process data in the usa. (google analytics, google adwords). by agreeing to the use of cookies from these providers, you consent to the processing of your data in the usa (art 49(1) (a) gdpr). usa is not certified by the ecj as having an adequate level of data protection (c-311/18, schrems ii). access by us authorities to this data is not limited by law to a mandatory level. moreover, no judicial authorization is required for such access, and eu citizens have no effective legal remedy against such access.

facebook
within our online offer, the so-called "facebook pixel" of the social network facebook is used, which is operated by facebook inc, 1 hacker way, menlo park, ca 94025, usa, or, if you are a resident of the eu, facebook ireland ltd, 4 grand canal square, grand canal harbour, dublin 2, ireland ("facebook").
with the facebook pixel, facebook is able to determine you as a visitor to our online offering as a target group for the placement of ads (so-called "facebook ads"). we will inform you before you call up a website if it contains facebook pixel functions. if you call up the corresponding website after receiving this information, a connection to facebook will be established.
we use the facebook pixel to display the facebook ads we place only to those facebook users who have also shown interest in our online offering or who have certain characteristics (e.g. interest in certain topics or products determined on the basis of the websites visited) that we transmit to facebook (so-called "custom audiences"). with the help of the facebook pixel, we also want to ensure that our facebook ads correspond to the potential interest of users and are not disruptive. the facebook pixel also allows us to track the effectiveness of facebook ads for statistical and market research purposes by seeing whether users are redirected to our website after clicking on a facebook ad (so-called "conversion").
the processing of data by facebook takes place within the framework of facebook's data usage guidelines: https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
joint processing of personal data (joint-controller agreement).
in order to meet the requirements of the dsgvo, facebook describes at https://www.facebook.com/legal/terms/page_controller_addendum# that the respective page operator, in our case ams-osram ag, is jointly responsible with facebook ireland. furthermore, it is confirmed that facebook ireland assumes primary responsibility for data processing in accordance with the dsgvo and also takes care of the rights of the data subjects. ams has taken note of the information regarding this agreement and has made it part of the contract between ams and facebook.
the responsibility of ams-osram ag is limited to the collection of the relevant data and its disclosure by way of transmission (see also ecj judgment, ref.: c-40/17 "fashionid").
objection to facebook
settings and objections against the use of data for advertising purposes are possible in the facebook profile settings.

11. data protection provisions about the application and use of google analytics (with anonymization function)
on this website, the controller has integrated the component of google analytics (with the anonymizer function). google analytics is a web analytics service. web analytics is the collection, gathering, and analysis of data about the behavior of visitors to websites. a web analysis service collects, inter alia, data about the website from which a person has come (the so-called referrer), which sub-pages were visited, or how often and for what duration a sub-page was viewed. web analytics are mainly used for the optimization of a website and in order to carry out a cost-benefit analysis of internet advertising.the operator of the google analytics component is google inc., 1600 amphitheatre pkwy, mountain view, ca 94043-1351, united states.for the web analytics through google analytics the controller uses the application "_gat. _anonymizeip". by means of this application the ip address of the internet connection of the data subject is abridged by google and anonymised when accessing our websites from a member state of the european union or another contracting state to the agreement on the european economic area.the purpose of the google analytics component is to analyze the traffic on our website. google uses the collected data and information, inter alia, to evaluate the use of our website and to provide online reports, which show the activities on our websites, and to provide other services concerning the use of our internet site for us.google analytics places a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. the definition of cookies is explained above. with the setting of the cookie, google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. with each call-up to one of the individual pages of this internet site, which is operated by the controller and into which a google analytics component was integrated, the internet browser on the information technology system of the data subject will automatically submit data through the google analytics component for the purpose of online advertising and the settlement of commissions to google. during the course of this technical procedure, the enterprise google gains knowledge of personal information, such as the ip address of the data subject, which serves google, inter alia, to understand the origin of visitors and clicks, and subsequently create commission settlements.the cookie is used to store personal information, such as the access time, the location from which the access was made, and the frequency of visits of our website by the data subject. with each visit to our internet site, such personal data, including the ip address of the internet access used by the data subject, will be transmitted to google in the united states of america. these personal data are stored by google in the united states of america. google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.the data subject may, as stated above, prevent the setting of cookies through our website at any time by means of a corresponding adjustment of the web browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. such an adjustment to the internet browser used would also prevent google analytics from setting a cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. in addition, cookies already in use by google analytics may be deleted at any time via a web browser or other software programs.in addition, the data subject has the possibility of objecting to a collection of data that are generated by google analytics, which is related to the use of this website, as well as the processing of this data by google and the chance to preclude any such. for this purpose, the data subject must download a browser add-on under the link https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout and install it. this browser add-on tells google analytics through a javascript, that any data and information about the visits of internet pages may not be transmitted to google analytics. the installation of the browser add-ons is considered an objection by google. if the information technology system of the data subject is later deleted, formatted, or newly installed, then the data subject must reinstall the browser add-ons to disable google analytics. if the browser add-on was uninstalled by the data subject or any other person who is attributable to their sphere of competence, or is disabled, it is possible to execute the reinstallation or reactivation of the browser add-ons.further information and the applicable data protection provisions of google may be retrieved under https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/  and under http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/us.html .find  further explanations about google analytics.

12. data protection provisions about the application and use of google-adwords
on this website, the controller has integrated google adwords. google adwords is a service for internet advertising that allows the advertiser to place ads in google search engine results and the google advertising network. google adwords allows an advertiser to pre-define specific keywords with the help of which an ad on google's search results only then displayed, when the user utilizes the search engine to retrieve a keyword-relevant search result. in the google advertising network, the ads are distributed on relevant web pages using an automatic algorithm, taking into account the previously defined keywords.the operating company of google adwords is google inc., 1600 amphitheatre pkwy, mountain view, ca 94043-1351, united states.the purpose of google adwords is the promotion of our website by the inclusion of relevant advertising on the websites of third parties and in the search engine results of the search engine google and an insertion of third-party advertising on our website.if a data subject reaches our website via a google ad, a conversion cookie is filed on the information technology system of the data subject through google. the definition of cookies is explained above. a conversion cookie loses its validity after 30 days and is not used to identify the data subject. if the cookie has not expired, the conversion cookie is used to check whether certain sub-pages, e.g, the shopping cart from an online shop system, were called up on our website. through the conversion cookie, both google and the controller can understand whether a person who reached an adwords ad on our website generated sales, that is, executed or canceled a sale of goods.the data and information collected through the use of the conversion cookie is used by google to create visit statistics for our website. these visit statistics are used in order to determine the total number of users who have been served through adwords ads to ascertain the success or failure of each adwords ad and to optimize our adwords ads in the future. neither our company nor other google adwords advertisers receive information from google that could identify the data subject.the conversion cookie stores personal information, e.g. the internet pages visited by the data subject. each time we visit our internet pages, personal data, including the ip address of the internet access used by the data subject, is transmitted to google in the united states of america. these personal data are stored by google in the united states of america. google may pass these personal data collected through the technical procedure to third parties.the data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies by our website, as stated above, by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used and thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. such a setting of the internet browser used would also prevent google from placing a conversion cookie on the information technology system of the data subject. in addition, a cookie set by google adwords may be deleted at any time via the internet browser or other software programs.the data subject has a possibility of objecting to the interest based advertisement of google. therefore, the data subject must access from each of the browsers in use the link www.google.de/settings/ads and set the desired settings.please find further information and the applicable data protection provisions of google.

13. legal basis for the processing
art. 6(1) lit. a gdpr serves as the legal basis for processing operations for which we obtain consent for a specific processing purpose. if the processing of personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is party, as is the case, for example, when processing operations are necessary for the supply of goods or to provide any other service, the processing is based on article 6(1) lit. b gdpr. the same applies to such processing operations which are necessary for carrying out pre-contractual measures, for example in the case of inquiries concerning our products or services. is our company subject to a legal obligation by which processing of personal data is required, such as for the fulfillment of tax obligations, the processing is based on art. 6(1) lit. c gdpr. in rare cases, the processing of personal data may be necessary to protect the vital interests of the data subject or of another natural person. this would be the case, for example, if a visitor were injured in our company and his name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be passed on to a doctor, hospital or other third party. then the processing would be based on art. 6(1) lit. d gdpr. finally, processing operations could be based on article 6(1) lit. f gdpr. this legal basis is used for processing operations which are not covered by any of the abovementioned legal grounds, if processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by our company or by a third party, except where such interests are overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject which require protection of personal data. such processing operations are particularly permissible because they have been specifically mentioned by the european legislator. he considered that a legitimate interest could be assumed if the data subject is a client of the controller (recital 47 sentence 2 gdpr).

14. the legitimate interests pursued by the controller or by a third party
where the processing of personal data is based on article 6(1) lit. f gdpr our legitimate interest is to carry out our business in favor of the well-being of all our employees and the shareholders.

15. period for which the personal data will be stored
the criteria used to determine the period of storage of personal data is the respective statutory retention period. after expiration of that period, the corresponding data is routinely deleted, as long as it is no longer necessary for the fulfillment of the contract or the initiation of a contract.

16. existence of automated decision-making
as a responsible company, we do not use automatic decision-making or profiling.
any data subject may, at any time, contact our data protection officer via email directly with all questions and suggestions concerning data protection.



ams-osram agtobelbader strasse 308141 premstaettenaustria
phone +43 3136 500-0fax +43 3136 525-01https://ams.com
investor relations
news center
corporate responsibility
contact us
sales & distribution
subscribe ams sensor news
search
quality – certificates
open positions
ams osram
disclaimer
imprint
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms of use






