home
our servicesai consultation integration servicesbig data science & analysiscomputer vision & image processingdrone and autonomymachine learning & pattern recognitionnatural language processing
ai consultation integration services
big data science & analysis
computer vision & image processing
drone and autonomy
machine learning & pattern recognition
natural language processing
our productsoodi robotarita chatbothero droneface recognitionemotion detection
oodi robot
arita chatbot
hero drone
face recognition
emotion detection
blog
about us
contact us
an age of endless possibilities
aritaweb is a next-generation artificial intelligence company that is dedicated to delivering market-changing solutions.
what we do
turn ideas into products
our unique approach and technical expertise ensure that we turn your ideas into reality while maintaining industry standards while utilizing advanced technologies, regardless of whether you're a startup, mnc, or looking for growth, scaling, or transformation.
machine learning & pattern recognition
our team offers advanced machine learning services...
computer vision & image processing
we have extensive experience providing quality ima...
natural language processing
our natural language processing solutions take com...
ai autonomous drone development
aritaweb is offering end-to-end custom drone and a...
big data science & analysis
aritaweb’s data analytics streamlines all the ch...
ai consultation & integration services
for businesses, ai has become the most sought-afte...
developing leading-edge products that use the potential of artificial intelligence which have capabilities to change the world
aritaweb is an extraordinary team with a passion for putting intelligence to work for the betterment of mankind. we provide solutions & services with the best quality and accuracy to help the entire community to get benefited from it and ultimately steer artificial intelligence in the most constructive manner.
you can not buy history, you have to create your own
why aritaweb
we have vast & varied exposure and experience to real-world problems. we breathe the latest technologies that will shape the future. we provide solutions that make sense and creates a difference in real life. aritaweb is an extraordinary team with a passion for putting intelligence to work for the betterment of mankind. we provide solutions & services with the best quality and accuracy to help the entire community.
+
years experience
+
winning awards
+
experts team
our simple but  effective process
our standard processes will support you from your vision to the finished product along with optimum output in the minimum time span.
01
identify the problem
not just finding the root cause of the problem, we also calculate the indirect risks it creates.
02
build meaningful solutions
a solution that is super-flexible, easy to apply and that can be improvised as best as possible.
03
real-world applications
we deploy the solution into the real world by keeping in mind that the end-users are intelligent as well.
our products
hero drone
oodi robot
arita chatbot
facial recognition
emotion detection
hero drone
hero drones capture seamless footage from the air, whether handheld or body-mounted. a lightweight case with a flexible fold makes the hero drone extremely portable. it's easy and fun to fly hero with the game-style controller and integrated touch display. besides identifying and overcoming obstacles, the computational sensors and auto-deployment capabilities help them identify routes and locations. more than a drone. it’s a hero with auto home returning feature using gps additionally it also our drone is the hero of night vision. the hero captures breathtaking shake-free video both in the air and on the ground.
oodi robot
oodi is a friendly bot for your whole family as it is not just aluminum or a plastic shell nor it is just a three-axis motor system, it is not just a connected device it is one of the families which humanizes the technology. it is your companion, who is smarter than your smartphone, as well as an amazing tutor and a good entertainer. oodi has become smarter by upgrading with new features and skills, but all in small stature.
arita chatbot
aritabot is an intelligent and powerful conversation engine that sounds just like humans. they are so intuitive as they can communicate according to the location and time zone of users. they use their predictive analysis systems, i mean their brain here, which will remember your face and emotions and start a conversation in the context with it to make it more real.
facial recognition
our ai face recognition solution is precise and user-friendly, with enhanced security. with a solid hardware background and ai algorithm, our ai face recognition solution not only provides an evidence-based understanding of user activities but also supports your business with comprehensive security surveillance, from retail chains to estate management, from individual stores to multinational corporations.
emotion detection
our emotion detection engine automatically analyzes the expressions happy, sad, angry, surprised, scared, disgusted, neutral and many more. backed up with powerful ai our emotion detection engine serves many domains including education, corporate interviews including the security domain and helps all kinds of businesses to solve their problems.
industries we cover
business isn't one size that fits for all, but we at aritaweb serve most of every industry that needs ai-based solutions.
industries & manufacturing
automobile & transportation
food & agriculture
healthcare & human body
media & entertainment
security & surveillance
faqs
how challenging is it to develop an ai app?if you associate with a professional ai development company, the process of developing an ai solution is not complex. they help you authenticate your idea and assist with all the tasks needed to develop the solution off the ground while assisting you in its deployment.
how challenging is it to develop an ai app?
if you associate with a professional ai development company, the process of developing an ai solution is not complex. they help you authenticate your idea and assist with all the tasks needed to develop the solution off the ground while assisting you in its deployment.
what benefit machine learning can give my business?by deploying machine learning in business, it provides you diverse benefits like accurate sales projection, streamlined product marketing, actual-time decision-making, and risk identification. aritaweb, as a machine learning application development company, will assist you in learning more benefits of integrating machine learning and how it can revolutionize your business.
what benefit machine learning can give my business?
by deploying machine learning in business, it provides you diverse benefits like accurate sales projection, streamlined product marketing, actual-time decision-making, and risk identification. aritaweb, as a machine learning application development company, will assist you in learning more benefits of integrating machine learning and how it can revolutionize your business.
how much time does it take to complete an ai project?the project completion duration entirely depends on the requirement of the client.
how much time does it take to complete an ai project?
the project completion duration entirely depends on the requirement of the client.
what are the standard ai development services in business?businesses often take the help of ai to automate everyday tasks, label the data sets for evaluation and training of ml  models, and obtain predictions driven by data through advanced analytics. likewise, it’s implementing pre-trained neural networks into their machine learning solutions to improve efficiency at a more down cost.
what are the standard ai development services in business?
businesses often take the help of ai to automate everyday tasks, label the data sets for evaluation and training of ml  models, and obtain predictions driven by data through advanced analytics. likewise, it’s implementing pre-trained neural networks into their machine learning solutions to improve efficiency at a more down cost.
how to use ai in software development?the power of ai brings accuracy, speed, and efficiency to the software development cycle. with the help of ai-powered tools, it can find errors in the code and rectify bugs. this process means it ensures smooth functioning in all the running conditions.
how to use ai in software development?
the power of ai brings accuracy, speed, and efficiency to the software development cycle. with the help of ai-powered tools, it can find errors in the code and rectify bugs. this process means it ensures smooth functioning in all the running conditions.
what can be the business results of ai software solution development?it doesn’t matter which industry or business you are in; your business will undoubtedly benefit from our artificial intelligence development services. the results may vary across various sectors.
what can be the business results of ai software solution development?
it doesn’t matter which industry or business you are in; your business will undoubtedly benefit from our artificial intelligence development services. the results may vary across various sectors.
where can we best use machine learning?the machine learning can be used in businesses cases like:– in forgery or fraud detection– in driverless cars– in process automation– in healthcare– in developing chatbots
where can we best use machine learning?
the machine learning can be used in businesses cases like:– in forgery or fraud detection– in driverless cars– in process automation– in healthcare– in developing chatbots
what are the major benefits of artificial intelligence for businesses?artificial intelligence can positively impact daily business activity in a lot of ways.
what are the major benefits of artificial intelligence for businesses?
artificial intelligence can positively impact daily business activity in a lot of ways.
why is it essential to go for data analytics services?selecting data analytics services for business has become essential today, optimizing business solutions. these services offer meaningful insights for industries that help form decisions and predict current market trends.
why is it essential to go for data analytics services?
selecting data analytics services for business has become essential today, optimizing business solutions. these services offer meaningful insights for industries that help form decisions and predict current market trends.
what do we, as an ai consultant firm do?our whole team of ai consultants assists you in solving complicated industry challenges by using ai and analytic algorithms. we utilize structured decision-making models to implement projects, and we are initiating from the roadmap of ai strategy to developing a scalable ai solution and production-grade ai integration. not only this, but our ai consulting team will also support you at each step of ai project implementation.
what do we, as an ai consultant firm do?
our whole team of ai consultants assists you in solving complicated industry challenges by using ai and analytic algorithms. we utilize structured decision-making models to implement projects, and we are initiating from the roadmap of ai strategy to developing a scalable ai solution and production-grade ai integration. not only this, but our ai consulting team will also support you at each step of ai project implementation.
join the future of ai
join for a assessment of your ai strategy, practice and technology implementation for your life science initiatives.
usa
india
find us on social platforms
our services
ai consultation & integration services
big data science & analysis
computer vision & image processing
drone and autonomy
machine learning & pattern recognition
natural language processing
products
hero drone
oodi robot
arita chatbot
facial recognition
emotion detection
quick links
our services
about us
© 2022 aritaweb inc.  all rights reserved.
privacy policy
terms and conditions
privacy overview
accessibility tools
increase text
decrease text
high contrast
negative contrast
light background
links underline
readable font
reset
