
solutionsaurasphygital retailtechcelloiestate
auras
phygital retail
techcello
iestate
servicessoftware engineeringcloud transformationnearshore software development servicesmanaged testing servicesindependent software testing servicesenterprise integrationdata and analyticsoracle application servicesdevopsservicenow implementation servicesconverged infrastructure servicestemenos implementationscyber security services
software engineering
cloud transformation
nearshore software development services
managed testing services
independent software testing services
enterprise integration
data and analytics
oracle application services
devops
servicenow implementation services
converged infrastructure services
temenos implementations
cyber security services
industriesfintechsoftware & hi-techretaileducationbanking and financial servicesinsurance
fintech
software & hi-tech
retail
education
banking and financial services
insurance
digitaldigital commerceintelligent automationunified commerceenterprise analytics
digital commerce
intelligent automation
unified commerce
enterprise analytics
perspectives
about uscompany overviewin the news
company overview
in the news
blog
careers
contact us


privacy
i. general
aspire systems accords enormous importance to your privacy. this privacy policy explains you what we do with any personal information that you provide to us while using our site. that's why we've created this privacy policy, which discloses our information gathering and dissemination practices.
ii. compliance with gdpr
aspire systems complies with gdpr fully. to know more about our gdpr compliance policy, read our white paper. click here
iii. information recorded and use:
in general, you can visit aspire systems' website without telling us who you are and without revealing any information about yourself. there are times, however, when we may need information from you.
a. personal information:
at aspire systems we intend to protect the confidentiality and integrity of your personally identifiable information. we do not collect your personal information without your consent. https://www.aspiresys.com/gdpr-consent-form
after reading and agreeing with the data consent provided, you may choose to give us personal information such as your name and address or e-mail identification address ('id') that may be needed for business purposes and for future communications to you.
b. purpose of sharing information
the purpose of information collection is given as part of the consent. we may use your information only for the purpose stated and to the list of entities as per the consent given by you.
the purpose may be one or many of the following
to provide products or services you've requested; (b) when we have your permission: or (c) under the following circumstances:
to provide the information to trusted entities who work on behalf of or with aspire systems under strict confidentiality agreements. these entities may use your personal information to help aspire systems communicate with you about offers from aspire systems and our marketing partners. however, these companies do not have any independent right to further share or disseminate this information;
to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or legal process, or to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims;
to share the information in order to investigate, prevent, or take action against any illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the physical safety of any person, or as otherwise required by law.
to share the information in order to protect or enforce aspire systems' rights, usage terms, intellectual or physical property or for safety of aspire systems or associated parties.
to share information about you if aspire systems is acquired by or merged with another company.
aspire systems will not be liable to any unsolicited information provided by you. you consent to aspire systems using such information as per aspire systems' privacy policy.
we will make a sincere effort to respond in a timely manner to your requests to correct inaccuracies in your personal information. to correct inaccuracies in your personal information, please return the message containing the inaccuracies to the sender.
c. children’s data privacy protection
aspire systems' websites are not directed at nor targeted at children. no one who has not reached the age of thirteen may use the websites unless supervised by an adult.
d. rights of an individual
iv. cookies and other technologies
aspire is committed to respecting and protecting your personal data from unauthorized access at all times. we use cookies in a number of our webpages in our endeavor to individualize your browsing experience.
1.what is meant by cookies?
cookies are small text files placed in your browser and uniquely identify you while storing your preferences. we aim to provide our users with compelling stories in the it field and want to make sure this dynamic user experience is captured. cookies are one way of connecting with you on a deeper level; a testament to our prospects experiencing transformational, long-term relationships over two decades of our existence.
2.types of cookies we use?
aspire uses first party cookies and third party cookies as well. we neither sell nor buy second party data. all cookies collected are anonymous data and does not contain any personal information. the first party data collected are cookie-based data, and it can include information gathered from business analysis tools and website analytics platforms.
the following cookies are used in the site:
from the above information you can find that our cookies include those of google analytics, linkedin, piwik, eloqua, facebook, adroll, sitescout, bing and twitter. for more information about the third party cookies we use refer to respective cookie policy section in their corporate website. with the collected data we provide personalized recommendation of content and information related to the product or service on your every visit to the page. it helps us better track user behavior and site performance with a goal to keeping your information anonymous and confidential.
using our site analytics platform we collect cookie based anonymous data which includes the information about your interest shown on the product or service, site visits, videos watched, document downloads, demo requests and so forth. we make use of collected cookie-based anonymous data to run more dynamic and personalized remarketing ads on the product or service for which you have showed your interest.
our marketing team brings you closer to your preferences by sending you promotional emails and campaigns when you accept our cookie policy. the first party data are the behavioral data which includes information such as number of visits, time on the site, pages viewed, site search keywords and so on. we may use such data to run targeted site remarketing campaigns and ad display campaigns to inform our service-related information which you have shown interest in: topics and subjects while browsing our website
3.how do i accept or decline the cookies?
you can manage the functional or non-essential cookies in your browser. these settings are usually found within the ‘privacy’ section of browsers.
chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?co=genie.platform=desktop&hl=en
firefox:  https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/enable-and-disable-cookies-website-preferences
ie:  https://support.microsoft.com/en-in/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
you can choose to accept or decline cookies, either by selecting accept or decline in the banner on your first visit (in the latter case we will try to set a cookie to record your preference for future visits), or by changing the settings in your web browser. most web browsers are set by accept cookies by default, but you can usually modify your browser settings to decline cookies if you prefer. these settings are usually found within the ‘privacy’ section. for mobile devices these may be within the browser app settings.
by accepting our cookie policy you agree to the following:
customers and site visitors or end users of the website accept the use of cookies in his or her browser
aspire systems cookie anonymous data may be utilized for the purpose of providing or improving services to customer and improve or enhance aspire systems’ services in general;
first party cookies that belongs to aspire systems and the cookies utilized by aspire systems from other analytics service provider and advertising platform providers are reasonably tested from malware and viruses, and are capable of (a) being erased by the user through normal browsing processes, and (b) being suppressed by normal browser processes such as voluntary selection of a ‘do not track’ setting or plug-in.
customers and site visitors acknowledges and agrees that aspire systems’ product and service may be subject to privacy regulations governing the acquisition and use of data necessary for delivery of aspire systems’ products and services.
customers and site visitors agree to obtain valid consent when required by governing privacy laws for data acquisition and use necessary for the delivery of aspire systems’ products and services.
v. mailers
aspire systems may, if you so choose, send direct mailers to you at the address given by you based on the consent provided.
vi. anti-spam policy
aspire systems recognizes the receipt, transmission or distribution of spam emails (i.e. unsolicited bulk emails) as a major concern and has taken reasonable measures to minimize the transmission and effect of spam emails in our computing environment. all emails received by aspire systems are subject to spam check. any email identified as spam will be rejected with sufficient information to the sender for taking necessary action. with this measure, along with other technical spam reduction measures, aspire systems hopes to minimize the effect of spam emails. aspire systems reserves the right to reject and/or report any suspicious spam emails, to the authorities concerned, for necessary action.
vii. links to non-aspire systems websites
aspire systems may provide links to third-party websites for your convenience and information. if you access those links through the aspire systems website, you will leave the aspire systems website. aspire systems does not control those sites or their privacy practices, which may differ from aspire systems' practices. we do not endorse or make any representations about third-party websites. the personal data you choose to provide to or that is collected by these third parties, including any social media websites featured on our website, is not covered by the aspire systems privacy policy. we encourage you to review the privacy policy of any website before submitting your personal information.
we may also provide social media features on our website that enable you to share aspire systems information with your social networks and to interact with aspire systems on various social media sites. your use of these features may result in the collection or sharing of information about you, depending on the feature. we encourage you to review the privacy policies and settings on the social media sites with which you interact to make sure you understand the information that could be shared by those sites.
viii. privacy policy details
1. effective date:
this privacy policy on personal information ('policy') is effective from 1st may 2018 and it supersedes all existing polices on the subject matter.
2. applicability:
this policy applies to all personal data collected electronically by aspire systems (india) private limited and its subsidiaries or affiliated companies.
3. definitions:
'personal data' for the purposes of this policy means any information that relates to a natural person and is capable of identifying such person available or likely to be available with aspire systems.
4. objective of policy:
aspire systems takes seriously the trust you place in us. to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, to maintain data accuracy and to ensure the appropriate use of the information, aspire systems utilizes appropriate physical, technical and administrative procedures to safeguard the information we collect.
5. reasonable security practices & procedures:
aspire systems will take reasonable steps to ensure that all dealings in personal data, shall:
be processed fairly & lawfully;
be obtained only with the consent of the information provider;
be collected, only when:the information is collected for a lawful purpose connected with a function or activity of aspire systems; andthe collection of the sensitive personal data or information is considered necessary for that purpose.
the information is collected for a lawful purpose connected with a function or activity of aspire systems; and
the collection of the sensitive personal data or information is considered necessary for that purpose.
be available for review by the information provider, as and when requested.
be kept secure against unauthorized or unlawful processing and against accidental loss, destruction or damage, as per the prescribed standards.
disclosure of information : aspire systems shall share your personal information , with your consent where the disclosure is necessary for compliance of a legal obligation or , where required by government agencies mandated under law to procure such disclosure.
transfer of information : aspire systems may transfer your personal information to other entity as specified in the data consent form that ensures the "same level of data protection" that is adhered to by it.
publication : aspire systems shall also not publish your personal information and shall ensure that the information transferred to a third party is not further disclosed by it.
right to opt out : aspire systems respects your privacy considerations and hence provides an option to you, to not provide the data or information sought to be collected.
further, you can also withdraw your consent which was earlier given to aspire systems, and the same be communicated to aspire systems in writing to the email address [email protected]
authenticity : aspire systems shall not be responsible for the authenticity of the personal data supplied to it by the provider, whose duty it is to ensure that the information provided by it or its employees is authentic.
grievance redressal : any grievance or complaint, in relation to processing of information, should be sent to aspire systems in writing to following contact email id. grievance shall be redressed as expeditiously as possible.
our e-mail address for your communication : [email protected]
6. changes to this policy
please note that this policy may change from time to time. we will not reduce your rights under this policy without your explicit consent. we will post any policy changes on this page. we will also keep prior versions of this policy in an archive for your review.
© copyrights 2022 aspire systems
careers| in the news| terms of use| privacy| site map
contact us

careers| in the news
terms of use| privacy| site map| contact us
© copyrights 2022 aspire systems
