support
contact us
support portal
terms of service
privacy policy
privacy policy
atom’s privacy policy
this privacy policy describes the privacy and data security principles followed by sada systems, inc. and collins engineers, inc. (together referred to in this privacy policy as “we” and “our”) with regard to the personal information of individuals, customers and licensees who visit and use our online, web-based platform and mobile applications known as atom app (the “services”).

this privacy policy will help you understand how we collect and use the personal information you share with us. by using or accessing the atom website and applications, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. in this privacy policy, we sometimes refer to “you”. “you” may be a visitor to the atom website, a customer and user of one or more of our services, or an employee of a customer.

this policy does not apply to third-party websites, products, or services even if they link to our services, and you should consider the privacy practices of those third parties carefully.
to further clarify, by accessing atom website and using the atom applications, you acknowledge and agree that certain providers of third-party products may also have access to the data you share or we access. one such third-party provider is google, inc., and you allow google, inc. to use such data as described in google, inc.’s privacy policy at https://www.google.com/intl/all/policies/privacy/index.html.
this atom privacy policy applies to the collection, hosting, storage, security, processing, transfer, and use of, as well as the access to, personal information, customer data, and services data concerning you, and applies only to use of the services and not to any other services or products provided by sada, collins, or any third parties.

how we collect and use information

we collect and use your personal information to provide our services to you and to operate and improve the atom website and services. we will only use your personal information in ways outlined in this privacy policy. depending on how you use the atom website, applications, and services, we may collect the following types of information and use it in this manner:
accessing our website – like most websites, our atom website automatically collects and uses the data contained in log files. information in log files may include your computer’s ip (internet protocol) address, your isp (internet service provider), the web browser you used to visit our site, the time you visited our site, which web pages you visited, and other anonymous site usage data. every computer with internet capability is given a number that serves as that computer’s ip address. when you request a page from atom’s website, our web servers automatically recognize your ip address. the domain name and ip address reveal nothing personal about you other than the ip address from which you have accessed our site. we may use this information to examine traffic in aggregate, investigate misuse of sada’s websites, detect fraud, or cooperate with law enforcement.
information you provide – we offer access to some information and services without a charge, but to access the information we ask that you complete a registration form. in this instance, we may ask you to provide limited personal information (such as your name and email address). furthermore, employees of our customers may provide information through atom’s website and applications in order to use the services.  such information will include first and last name, work email address (which may include an image of the employee profile from google accounts if the employee signs-in using his or her google-based email for work), and phone number. in the future, the atom website and related applications may collect an employee’s geolocation using such employee’s mobile device in order to provide traffic conditions and routes, weather alerts, disaster alerts, and on-site updates when actual work is being conducted.  our geolocation will allow the user to opt-in and opt-out of any alerts or other notifications by modifying applicable settings.
how we and others may communicate with you using the information you provide – we communicate through email, and notices posted on the atom website. examples of these email notices include: (1) welcome and engagement messages – when you register for our services, we may send you a series of emails to inform you about how to best use our services, as well as to inform you of new features; (2) service messages – these will cover service availability, security, and other issues about the functioning of atom; and (3) promotional email messages, which may contain promotional information directly about us or about our business partners. finally, we may provide your contact information to our partners for marketing purposes; please see below if you would like to opt-out of such communications.

you may change your email and contact preferences, or any other personal information, at any time by notifying us as explained in more detail at the end of this policy under the “your privacy rights” section of this policy. if we use your information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, we will ask for your consent before such other use.

push notifications - we may send you push notifications from time-to-time in order to update you about any updates, events or promotions that we may be running. if you do not wish to receive these types of communications, you may turn them off at the device level. to ensure you receive proper notifications, we will need to collect certain information about your device such as operating system and user identification information.


cookies – when you visit atom’s website or it related applications we may send one or more “cookies” to your computer or mobile device. third-party websites you may access through our sites may also send cookies to your computer. a cookie is a small piece of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. we use cookies to improve the quality of our services, for instance, storing your user preferences or log-in information, as well as for marketing purposes. you can choose whether to accept cookies by changing your browser settings. you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies, or allow your browser to show you when a cookie is being sent. if you choose not to accept cookies, your experience at our site and other websites may be diminished and some features may not work as intended. our systems do not recognize browser “do not track” signals. we provide you with tools to opt out of marketing from us or certain transfers of your information. you can learn about this in the “your privacy rights” section of this privacy policy.

links – we may present links in a format that enables us to keep track of whether these links have been followed. we use this information to determine which sites are being accessed and how often, and to improve our services.

other sites – this privacy policy applies to the atom website, applications, and services only. although we may provide links to internet sites or resources administered by third parties, we do not exercise control over third party sites that include other products or services. these other sites may place their own cookies or other files on your computer, collect data or solicit personal information from you. we cannot protect the privacy of the information you share with any such third party and we suggest that you review their applicable privacy policies.

other requested information
we may request your name, e-mail address or mailing address for the purposes of conducting a survey or providing additional services (for example, subscriptions to e-mail newsletters, promotional announcements, or information about seminars). when making such a request, we will indicate the purpose of the inquiry. if we use this information in a manner different than the purpose for which it was collected, we will ask for your consent before such other use.
potential disclosure of your information
we will disclose personal information and an ip address when we have your consent or have the good-faith belief that such action is reasonably necessary to:
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request;
protect and defend the rights of our websites and related properties, or visitors to our websites and related properties;
protect and defend the rights of our websites and related properties, or visitors to our websites and related properties;
enforce applicable terms of our terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
enforce applicable terms of our terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof;
identify persons who may be committing a fraud or otherwise violating the law; or
identify persons who may be committing a fraud or otherwise violating the law; or
cooperate with investigations of purported unlawful activities.
cooperate with investigations of purported unlawful activities.

security of your information
we take appropriate security measures to protect against unauthorized access to or unauthorized alteration, disclosure, or destruction of data. other than as set forth in the last sentence in this paragraph, we restrict access to personal information to our employees, contractors, agents and authorized third parties who need to know the information in order to operate, develop or improve the services.  these individuals are bound by confidentiality obligations. as noted above in the section entitled “how we and others may communicate with you using the information you provide”, we may provide your contact information to our partners for marketing purposes.



data integrity
we process personal information only for the purposes for which it is collected and in accordance with this privacy policy or any applicable service-specific privacy notice. we review our data collection, storage and processing practices to ensure that we only collect, store and process the personal information needed to provide or improve the services or as otherwise permitted under this privacy policy.
customer data and services data

customer data is information that we may collect from your use of the atom website and related applications, and your interactions with us off-line. we deal with customer data according to the terms of this privacy policy.

services data is data that resides on google cloud platform, our customers’ or third-party systems to which we are provided access to perform the services (including development, q&a, uat and production environments that may be accessed to perform consulting and support services). we treat services data in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy.

below are the conditions under which sada may access, collect and/or use services data:
to provide services – services data may be accessed and used to fulfill the requirements specified in a services contract or purchase order for support, consulting, or other services.

to maintain and upgrade a system – technical staff may require periodic access to services data to monitor system performance, test systems and develop and implement upgrades to systems, if applicable.

to address performance and fix issues –on occasion, we may have need to deploy new versions, patches, updates, and other fixes to our programs (or third party programs we support) and services. in accordance with the terms of your subscription order and/or with notice to you, we may access and/or use a copy of your development, q&a, uat and production environment, including services data, to test such new versions, patches, updates and fixes and validate that they work in your environment(s).

other uses – we may transfer and access services data globally as required for the purposes specified above. if we hire subcontractors to assist in providing services, their access to services data will be consistent with the terms of this privacy policy, except where the confidentiality provisions within a specific service contract define different requirements.

we do not use services data except as stated above or in your order. we may process services data, but do not control your information collection or use practices for services data. if you provide any services data to us, you are responsible for providing any notices and/or obtaining any consents necessary for us to access and use services data as specified in this policy and your order.
your privacy rights: opting out of marketing and transfers; accessing, updating and deleting information
we want to communicate with you only if you want to hear from us. if you wish to opt out of receiving our marketing efforts or our sharing information with third parties for their marketing efforts, you may do so, at any time by clicking “unsubscribe” in any email you receive from us and following the instructions on the screen or by responding to an email and including “remove” in the subject line. please be aware that you cannot opt out of receiving our service messages.
you may also opt out of receiving our marketing efforts or our sharing information with third parties by contacting us at: support@sada.com  or mail your questions to:
sada systems, inc.c/o atom app5250 lankershim blvd., suite 620north hollywood, ca  91601


please note that, from time to time, personal information collected from you may be processed and stored by us or our partners in jurisdictions in which disclosure may be compelled by governments, law enforcement agencies and regulatory bodies of those jurisdictions as required or permitted by the laws and courts of those jurisdictions. depending on the laws of the applicable jurisdiction, we may not be allowed to provide notice to you of such required disclosure. we may also share your personal information and other information with entities controlling, controlled by, or under common control with us. if some or all of our business assets are sold or transferred, we would transfer your information to the buyer or transferee and for due diligence purposes to its professional advisors under an obligation of confidentiality.
changes to this policy
our privacy policy may change from time to time. if we do make changes, we will post any policy changes on this page so that you are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose it. each version of this privacy policy will be identified at the top of the page by its effective date. please send any questions about our privacy policy to the contact email and address above.
thank you, our team of experts will be with you shortly!
product of sada systems, inc.; collins engineers, inc.; google llc   |   © atom. all rights reserved.
