+1-631-392-6866
[email protected]
about usabout aurosysengagement modelsmethodologyleadership close
about aurosys
engagement models
methodology
leadership
close
our expertiseproduct engineeringsoftware & firmware solutionsusb type c product developmentconnectivityunified communicationmultimediaandroid os hardening closethe internet of thingssaas & paas developmentibm iot & bluemixm2m – machine2machinelow energy bluetooth product developmentwearablespredictive analysis & business intelligenceiot security closemanaged mobilitymobile application developmentiphone & ipad app developmentandroid app developmentwindows phone app developmentmobile app portingmobile web developmentmobile gaming app developmentmobile qa & testingibm solutionsibm mobilefirst & mobile protectibm bluemix & iot foundationibm watsonibm commerce solutionsibm analyticsmoreenterprise mobilitysap enterprise mobilitybyod – bring your own device closeweb & digital strategyweb content managementweb application developmentsitecore enterprise solutionsumbraco solutionscloud computing & bigdataui/ux designing & brandingsocial media marketing (smm/smo)search engine optimization (seo)enterprise solutionssap enterprise solutionsduet enterprise solutionscustomer relationship management crmenterprise resource planning (erp) closeblockchainblockchain for iotblockchain for supply chain and logisticsblockchain in oil and gasblockchain for agriculture industry closeai & ar/vrartificial intelligenceaugmented virtual reality close close
product engineeringsoftware & firmware solutionsusb type c product developmentconnectivityunified communicationmultimediaandroid os hardening closethe internet of thingssaas & paas developmentibm iot & bluemixm2m – machine2machinelow energy bluetooth product developmentwearablespredictive analysis & business intelligenceiot security closemanaged mobilitymobile application developmentiphone & ipad app developmentandroid app developmentwindows phone app developmentmobile app portingmobile web developmentmobile gaming app developmentmobile qa & testingibm solutionsibm mobilefirst & mobile protectibm bluemix & iot foundationibm watsonibm commerce solutionsibm analyticsmoreenterprise mobilitysap enterprise mobilitybyod – bring your own device closeweb & digital strategyweb content managementweb application developmentsitecore enterprise solutionsumbraco solutionscloud computing & bigdataui/ux designing & brandingsocial media marketing (smm/smo)search engine optimization (seo)enterprise solutionssap enterprise solutionsduet enterprise solutionscustomer relationship management crmenterprise resource planning (erp) closeblockchainblockchain for iotblockchain for supply chain and logisticsblockchain in oil and gasblockchain for agriculture industry closeai & ar/vrartificial intelligenceaugmented virtual reality close
product engineeringsoftware & firmware solutionsusb type c product developmentconnectivityunified communicationmultimediaandroid os hardening close
software & firmware solutionsusb type c product developmentconnectivityunified communicationmultimediaandroid os hardening
software & firmware solutions
usb type c product development
connectivity
unified communication
multimedia
android os hardening
close
the internet of thingssaas & paas developmentibm iot & bluemixm2m – machine2machinelow energy bluetooth product developmentwearablespredictive analysis & business intelligenceiot security close
saas & paas developmentibm iot & bluemixm2m – machine2machinelow energy bluetooth product developmentwearablespredictive analysis & business intelligenceiot security
saas & paas development
ibm iot & bluemix
m2m – machine2machine
low energy bluetooth product development
wearables
predictive analysis & business intelligence
iot security
close
managed mobilitymobile application developmentiphone & ipad app developmentandroid app developmentwindows phone app developmentmobile app portingmobile web developmentmobile gaming app developmentmobile qa & testingibm solutionsibm mobilefirst & mobile protectibm bluemix & iot foundationibm watsonibm commerce solutionsibm analyticsmoreenterprise mobilitysap enterprise mobilitybyod – bring your own device close
mobile application developmentiphone & ipad app developmentandroid app developmentwindows phone app developmentmobile app portingmobile web developmentmobile gaming app developmentmobile qa & testing
mobile application developmentiphone & ipad app developmentandroid app developmentwindows phone app developmentmobile app portingmobile web developmentmobile gaming app developmentmobile qa & testing
iphone & ipad app development
android app development
windows phone app development
mobile app porting
mobile web development
mobile gaming app development
mobile qa & testing
ibm solutionsibm mobilefirst & mobile protectibm bluemix & iot foundationibm watsonibm commerce solutionsibm analytics
ibm solutionsibm mobilefirst & mobile protectibm bluemix & iot foundationibm watsonibm commerce solutionsibm analytics
ibm mobilefirst & mobile protect
ibm bluemix & iot foundation
ibm watson
ibm commerce solutions
ibm analytics
moreenterprise mobilitysap enterprise mobilitybyod – bring your own device
moreenterprise mobilitysap enterprise mobilitybyod – bring your own device
enterprise mobility
sap enterprise mobility
byod – bring your own device
web & digital strategyweb content managementweb application developmentsitecore enterprise solutionsumbraco solutionscloud computing & bigdataui/ux designing & brandingsocial media marketing (smm/smo)search engine optimization (seo)enterprise solutionssap enterprise solutionsduet enterprise solutionscustomer relationship management crmenterprise resource planning (erp) close
web content managementweb application developmentsitecore enterprise solutionsumbraco solutionscloud computing & bigdataui/ux designing & brandingsocial media marketing (smm/smo)search engine optimization (seo)
web content management
web application development
sitecore enterprise solutions
umbraco solutions
cloud computing & bigdata
ui/ux designing & branding
social media marketing (smm/smo)
search engine optimization (seo)
enterprise solutionssap enterprise solutionsduet enterprise solutionscustomer relationship management crmenterprise resource planning (erp)
enterprise solutions
sap enterprise solutions
duet enterprise solutions
customer relationship management crm
enterprise resource planning (erp)
close
blockchainblockchain for iotblockchain for supply chain and logisticsblockchain in oil and gasblockchain for agriculture industry close
blockchain for iotblockchain for supply chain and logisticsblockchain in oil and gasblockchain for agriculture industry
blockchain for iot
blockchain for supply chain and logistics
blockchain in oil and gas
blockchain for agriculture industry
ai & ar/vrartificial intelligenceaugmented virtual reality close
artificial intelligence
artificial intelligence
augmented virtual reality
augmented virtual reality
close
dedicated resourcesdedicated development centerdedicated technology resourcesdedicated software developerdedicated sitecore developerdedicated .net developerdedicated iot architectdedicated mobile app developerdedicated php developerdedicated ruby on rails developerdedicated ui & ux expertsdedicated visual stylistsdedicated sap mobility experts closetechnology staff augmentationdedicated customer relationship managerdedicated customer services executive close
dedicated development center
dedicated technology resourcesdedicated software developerdedicated sitecore developerdedicated .net developerdedicated iot architectdedicated mobile app developerdedicated php developerdedicated ruby on rails developerdedicated ui & ux expertsdedicated visual stylistsdedicated sap mobility experts close
dedicated software developer
dedicated sitecore developer
dedicated .net developer
dedicated iot architect
dedicated mobile app developer
dedicated php developer
dedicated ruby on rails developer
dedicated ui & ux experts
dedicated visual stylists
dedicated sap mobility experts
close
technology staff augmentation
dedicated customer relationship manager
dedicated customer services executive
close
technologiesadvanced & emerging technologiesmobile technologiesmicrosoft technologiesphp and open source technologies close
advanced & emerging technologies
mobile technologies
microsoft technologies
php and open source technologies
close
blog
contact us
privacy policy
general informationaurosys solutions, llc, llp, aurosys, inc. and all its subsidiaries (“aurosys”) provide this privacy policy ( “privacy policy”) to help you understand how we collect, use and disclose information, including personal information that you may provide to us or that we may obtain as our services are used. we may update this privacy policy from time to time, so please check back with us periodically. this privacy policy applies to www.aurosyssolutions.com and to certain aurosys services, including those for consumer use (“aurosys services”). this privacy policy explains aurosys’ information practices including:• how aurosys uses the personal information you share with us and that we learn about you because of our relationship.• what personal information, if any, aurosys may share about you and the conditions we use to protect your information if it must be shared.• other things you should know about privacy and aurosys.“personal information” includes information that alone or when in combination with other information may be used to readily identify, contact, or locate you or a specific individual.
collected information and usageby using the website or aurosys services, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information by aurosys consistent with applicable data protection law and this privacy policy which is expressly incorporated into any applicable website or aurosys service terms of use or end-user license agreement. you also represent to us that you have any and all authorizations necessary to use these aurosys services including using them to process personal information. aurosys collects and uses the information you provide to us, including information obtained from your use of this website or an aurosys service. we may use or share personal information (e.g., name, address, telephone number, email address, and location) where it is necessary for us to complete a transaction or do something that you have asked us to do. also, we may use the information that we collect for our internal purposes to develop, tune, enhance, and improve our services, and for advertising and marketing consistent with this privacy policy. by using aurosys services, you acknowledge, consent and agree that aurosys may collect, process, and use the information that you provide to us and that such information shall only be used by aurosys or third parties acting under the direction of aurosys, pursuant to confidentiality agreements, to develop, tune, enhance, and improve aurosys services. aurosys will not use the contents of any communications provided to us through your use of aurosys services for any purpose except as set forth above. aurosys collects and uses information from you in several ways:
website or aurosys service usageaurosys (or aurosys vendors and suppliers) may observe your activities, preferences, and transactional data (such as your ip address and browser type) as well as related usage behavior depending on whether you are using our website or a particular aurosys service. we may use this data for any purpose unless we tell you otherwise in connection with a particular website or service. while we may collect or log this information, we do not identify you or match this non-personal information with your other personal information unless or except if we believe doing so will help us better respond to a request you have made. where such non-personal information is linked to your personal information we will treat such information as personal information. for clarity, when we refer to usage of website or aurosys service usage data in this section, we do not mean the contents of your voice data or text and related data derived from the contents of your communications using aurosys services. for information about specific aurosys services, please see specific privacy notices directed to such services.
aurosys service usagecertain aurosys services require you to enter speech data in order to use and derive the benefits of the particular service. these aurosys services collect and process the speech data you input into the aurosys services. aurosys or third parties acting under the direction of aurosys, pursuant to confidentiality agreements, use the speech data to develop, tune, enhance, and improve aurosys services. aurosys will not use the contents of any speech data provided to us through your use of aurosys services for any purpose except as set forth above. “speech data” means the audio files, associated text and transcriptions and log files provided by you hereunder or generated in connection with aurosys services. speech data may include personal information.service registration & technical support. aurosys may allow customers to register services online or through similar ways. personal information or data provided for such purposes may be used to carry out the request, service, or agreement for which the information is submitted. with your consent, we may also use the information you provide in online registration forms to notify you periodically about important changes to the website or application (such as a change to this privacy policy or notice of a security breach), new aurosys services, and special offers and promotions that may be of interest to you. if you register, we may ask for, among other things, your name, address, email, telephone number, type of service purchased, or other service-identifying information.failure to register any aurosys service will not diminish the rights you have under the applicable
service warrantyonline promotions, contests and sweepstakes. you may be asked to provide an email address or screen name, or other personal information, for entry into a particular promotion, including sweepstakes and contests, so that we can let you know if you won a prize. the specific rules and regulations governing the particular promotion, contest or sweepstakes will vary and your participation constitutes your agreement to abide by those rules and regulations. certain promotions, contests or sweepstakes may be run by an aurosys service provider or vendor or co-branded with one of our partners. in these instances the collection of your personal information may occur directly by the service provider or vendor or a third-party partner on their website. the promotion will state the privacy policy or policies governing the collection of such information if they should differ from this privacy policy.
children the aurosys website and aurosys consumer services are not directed at children. if you are under 18 or otherwise would be required to have parent or guardian consent to share information with aurosys, you should not send any information about yourself to us. as required by law, if a person under 13 submits information through any part of an aurosys website or an aurosys service, and we learn the person submitting the information is such a child, we will attempt to delete this information as soon as possible.
when aurosys may share collected informationas mentioned in the beginning of this privacy policy, aurosys may share personal information within aurosys to fulfill its obligations to you and operate its business consistent with this privacy policy and applicable data protection law. in addition to what is expressly stated in this privacy policy, we may also share your personal information with third parties in the following situations:aurosys affiliates, vendors and suppliers. aurosys works with many affiliated third parties, vendors, distributors, and suppliers. to the extent it is necessary for these groups to provide their services to us and provide services you have requested, these third parties may have access to or process your personal information. aurosys may also sometimes permit our authorized service providers to have access to aggregate statistics about our customers, sales, traffic patterns, and related website or application information. these transfers of aggregate statistics do not involve personal information or data.
recruitment & job applicationsresidents of the united states may provide us with personal information through our website. personal information such as that contained on a resume or curriculum vitae may be submitted in connection with a job application or inquiry. we may use this information throughout aurosys (worldwide) for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry. we may keep your information on file for future consideration.
enabling servicesaurosys offers a variety of services and functions through its websites (“aurosys services”). personal information that is collected through a website may be used and/or disclosed to third parties in order to enable us to provide aurosys services. for example, the aurosys website may allow you to interface with a third party website or application. to facilitate that connection, we may use your personal information and/or disclose your personal information to third parties.
public areas. any information disclosed in public areas of an aurosys website or to the extent possible in an aurosys service or other website (facebook, youtube, twitter, etc.) will become public information. we cannot control the use of information disclosed in public forums, such as forums, bulletin boards, blogs, chat rooms, and networking functions of mobile-device applications. you should exercise caution when disclosing information in these public areas, and be careful how you disclose your personal information. content posted in public areas of the aurosys website or aurosys services, including advice and opinions, represent the views and is the responsibility of those who post the content. aurosys does not necessarily endorse, support, verify, or agree with the content posted.mergers, acquisitions, and insolvency. if aurosys should ever file for bankruptcy or merge with another company, or if aurosys should decide to buy, sell, or reorganize some part or all of its business, aurosys may be required to disclose your personal information and speech data to prospective or actual purchasers in connection with one of these transactions
as required by law and other extraordinary disclosures. aurosys may be required to disclose your personal information and speech data if it: (i) believes it is reasonably necessary to comply with legal process (such as a court order, subpoena, search warrant, etc.) or other legal requirements of any governmental authority, (ii) would potentially mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit, (iii) is otherwise necessary to protect our rights or property, or (iv) is necessary to protect the legal rights or property of others.
securityif aurosys learns of a security system’s breach, we may attempt to notify you electronically so that you can take appropriate protective steps. by using this website or an aurosys service or providing personal information to us, you agree that we can communicate with you electronically regarding security, privacy, and administrative issues relating to your use of this website or aurosys service. aurosys may post a notice on this website if a security breach occurs. if this happens, you will need a web browser or mobile device enabling you to view the aurosys website or application. aurosys may also send an email to you at the email address you have provided to us in these circumstances or communicate with you by other means if we can. depending on where you live, you may have a legal right to receive notice of a security breach in writing.
links to third-party websites and co-branded websitesthis website or aurosys service may contain links to third-party websites, however, please be aware that aurosys is not responsible for and cannot control the privacy practices of these other websites. we encourage you to read the privacy policies for these other websites, as they may differ from ours. this website or aurosys service also contains links to co-branded websites that may display aurosys’s logo and trademarks but which are maintained by third parties. such websites may be identified by the fact that they do not display a “aurosyssolutions.com” url. please read the privacy policy on the co-branded website for the applicable privacy practices relating to personal information collected via that website, as it may differ from this privacy policy.this privacy policy applies solely to information collected by aurosys on its website or through aurosys services.
special notice to international visitors and customersbecause aurosys operates globally, we may transfer your personal information and speech data within our global operations to fulfill our obligations to you, but always subject to the limitations of applicable data protection law and this privacy policy. privacy laws differ across the globe. to help visitors whose native language may not be english understand our privacy practices, we may provide special information on our privacy policies that may be applicable to these visitors in different languages. aurosys entities outside the united states may have supplemental privacy policies that may apply in those countries.
if you are visiting from the european union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from u.s. law, including those whose privacy laws may be more strict than u.s. law, please note that you are transferring your personal data to the united states to aurosys. by providing your personal data you consent to that transfer and processing.
marketing communicationswhen you provide aurosys with personal information, we may communicate with you using the information you have given us to provide you with information we think may be of interest to you.
enforcement and more informationdepartment of commerce’s website at: http://export.gov/safeharbor/. when aurosys receives formal written complaints, it is aurosys’s policy to contact the complaining user regarding his or her concerns. we will cooperate with the appropriate regulatory authorities, including local data protection authorities, to resolve any complaints regarding the transfer of personal data that cannot be resolved between aurosys and an individual.
changes to this privacy policy by aurosysif in the future we change our privacy policy, we will post the new privacy policy on this website or application. we reserve the right to change this privacy policy in the future. your continued use of this website or aurosys services following a change in the privacy policy represents consent to the new privacy policy to the fullest extent permitted by law. we encourage you to periodically review this privacy policy.
contacting aurosysif you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy policy, please email us at [email protected]
featured services
product engineering
internet of things
sitecore enterprise solutions
dedicated resources
mobile application development





usa
+1-631-392-6866
+1-631-408-0395
[email protected]
australia
+61 435 359 431
[email protected]
india
+91-90990-44462
+91-79403-71541
[email protected]
uk
+44 784 625 5168
[email protected]
request a call back


privacy policy
sitemap


