home
solutioncommunicationmanufacturingsemiconductor
communication
manufacturingsemiconductor
semiconductor
5g
technology
knowledgebase
partnersregisterred hat marketplacevmware marketplace
register
red hat marketplace
vmware marketplace
about usleadershipmedialegalcontact us
leadership
media
legal
contact us
privacy policy
home
privacy policy
we are committed to safeguarding the privacy of our website visitors; this policy sets out how we will treat your personal information.
our website may use cookies. by using our website and agreeing to this policy, you consent to our use of cookies in accordance with the terms of this policy.
(1) what information do we collect?
we may collect, store and use the following kinds of personal information:
(a) information about your computer and about your visits to and use of this website (including your ip address, geographical location, browser type and version, operating system, referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation;
(b) information relating to any transactions carried out between you and us on or in relation to this website, including information relating to any purchases you make of our goods or services;
(c) information that you provide to us for the purpose of registering with us;
(d) information that you provide to us for the purpose of subscribing to our website services, email notifications and/or newsletters;
(e) any other information that you choose to send to us.
(2) cookies
a cookie consists of information sent by a web server to a web browser, and stored by the browser. the information is then sent back to the server each time the browser requests a page from the server. this enables the web server to identify and track the web browser.
we may use both “session” cookies and “persistent” cookies on the website. we may use the session cookies to keep track of you whilst you navigate the website. we may use the persistent cookies to enable our website to recognise you when you visit.
session cookies will be deleted from your computer when you close your browser. persistent cookies will remain stored on your computer until deleted, or until they reach a specified expiry date.
we use google analytics to analyse the use of this website. google analytics generates statistical and other information about website use by means of cookies, which are stored on users’ computers. the information generated relating to our website is used to create reports about the use of the website. google will store this information. google’s privacy policy is available at: http://www.google.com/privacypolicy.html.
(3) using your personal information
personal information submitted to us via this website will be used for the purposes specified in this privacy policy or in relevant parts of the website.
we may use your personal information to:
(a) administer the website;
(b) improve your browsing experience by personalising the website;
(c) enable your use of the services available on the website;
(d) send you general (non-marketing) commercial communications;
(e) send you email notifications which you have specifically requested;
(f) send to you newsletters and other marketing communications relating to our business (you can inform us at any time if you no longer require marketing communications);
(g) provide third parties with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user;
(h) deal with enquiries and complaints made by or about you relating to the website.
where you submit personal information for publication on our website, we will publish and otherwise use that information in accordance with the license you grant to us.
we will not without your express consent provide your personal information to any third parties for the purpose of direct marketing.
(4) disclosures
we may disclose information about you to any of our employees, officers, agents, suppliers or subcontractors insofar as reasonably necessary for the purposes as set out in this privacy policy.
in addition, we may disclose your personal information:
(a) to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
(b) in connection with any legal proceedings or prospective legal proceedings;
(c) in order to establish, exercise or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
(d) to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset which we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
(e) to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
except as provided in this privacy policy, we will not provide your information to third parties.
(5) international data transfers
information that we collect may be stored and processed in and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this privacy policy.
information which you provide may be transferred to countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in our home jurisdiction.
you expressly agree to such transfers of personal information.
(6) security of your personal information
we will take reasonable technical and organisational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
of course, data transmission over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
(7) policy amendments
we may update this privacy policy from time-to-time by posting a new version on our website. you should check this page occasionally to ensure you are happy with any changes.
(8) your rights
you may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you. we may withhold such personal information to the extent permitted by law.
you may instruct us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes by email at any time. in practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt-out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
(9) third party websites
the website contains links to other websites. we are not responsible for the privacy policies or practices of third party websites.
(10) updating information
please let us know if the personal information which we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated.
(11) contact
if you have any questions about this privacy policy or our treatment of your personal information, please write to us by email to info@avanseus.com or by post to avanseus holdings pte. ltd., 230 victoria street, #15-01/08, bugis junction, singapore 188024.
(12) data controller
the data controller responsible in respect of the information collected on this website is avanseus holdings pte. ltd.
avanseus develops and markets artificial intelligence driven enterprise applications. we focus on delivering artificial intelligence based predictive maintenance and visual recognition software solutions.
subscribe


contact info
+65 69701689
info@avanseus.com
230 victoria street, #15-01/08, bugis junction, singapore 188024
registration
privacy overview
necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. this category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. these cookies do not store any personal information.
any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. it is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website.
