info@biz4intellia.com|
+1 (614) 329-6463




product intellia iot business solution  iot sensors  pricing
intellia iot business solution
iot sensors
pricing
solutions level monitoring solutions level monitoring solution beverages level monitoring tank level monitoring corrosive liquid level monitoring river level monitoring system fuel level monitoring reservoir level monitoringmilk level monitoringlarge tank level monitoring propane tank  level monitoring water level monitoring  energy monitoring solution  gps fleet tracking solution  fleet monitoring solution  smart contract solution  smart water meter solution  smart farming solutions  oil/fuel theft solution  machine monitoring solutions  cargo monitoring system  gas monitoring solution  air quality monitoring solution  environmental monitoring solution  asset monitoring solution  water leakage detection solution
level monitoring solutions level monitoring solution beverages level monitoring tank level monitoring corrosive liquid level monitoring river level monitoring system fuel level monitoring reservoir level monitoringmilk level monitoringlarge tank level monitoring propane tank  level monitoring water level monitoring
level monitoring solution
beverages level monitoring
tank level monitoring
corrosive liquid level monitoring
river level monitoring system
fuel level monitoring
reservoir level monitoring
milk level monitoring
large tank level monitoring
propane tank  level monitoring
water level monitoring
energy monitoring solution
gps fleet tracking solution
fleet monitoring solution
smart contract solution
smart water meter solution
smart farming solutions
oil/fuel theft solution
machine monitoring solutions
cargo monitoring system
gas monitoring solution
air quality monitoring solution
environmental monitoring solution
asset monitoring solution
water leakage detection solution
industries  oil & gas  water  transportation  hospitality  healthcare  mining  industrial iot
oil & gas
water
transportation
hospitality
healthcare
mining
industrial iot
oem
resources case study water level monitoring  machine uptime monitoring  reservoir level monitoring  beverages level monitoring  machine monitoring system  blog
case study water level monitoring  machine uptime monitoring  reservoir level monitoring  beverages level monitoring  machine monitoring system
water level monitoring
machine uptime monitoring
reservoir level monitoring
beverages level monitoring
machine monitoring system
blog
about us
contact us
request a demo
privacy policy
scope
biz4intellia inc. ( listed here ) ("we" or “biz4intellia”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. this privacy notice discloses the privacy practices for biz4intellia, its websites including www.biz4intellia.com, iot.biz4intellia.com and the biz4intellia mobile apps ("the biz4intellia applications"). this privacy policy explains the basis on which we process any personal data we collect from or about you, or that you or any third party provide to us, not only from the use of our websites but also in connection with managing our workforce, conducting our business, through our products and services, and from any other means.  please read the following carefully to understand our practices regarding how we process personal data and how we will treat it. we may revise this policy from time to time. the most current version of this policy will govern our use of your personal data. if we decide to change our policy, we will post the updated policy on this site and update the policy modification date. please check back regularly to review any changes to this policy. "personal data" means any information or set of information that relates to an identifiable individual, either directly or indirectly.  this privacy notice applies solely to information collected by the biz4intellia applications. it will notify you of the following:
what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the website, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
by visiting or using the biz4intellia applications, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy notice.
information we collect from you
information by filling forms on our internal or external sites, including our sites, and information you provide is transferred to us. we have access to information that you voluntarily give us via these above-mentioned sources or directly from you. we will not forward or sell this information to anyone. we will use this information to respond in a better way to your queries. we will not share this information with any other third party outside of our organization.
registration
in order to use some of the biz4intellia applications, a user must first complete the registration form. during registration, a user is required to give certain information (such as name and email address). this information is used to contact you about the products/services on our site in which you have expressed interest or to identify the account you have created in the biz4intellia applications.
how we access and control the information:
in general, we process only the personal data which is required to perform a legitimate business interests with you or corporate client. we use your personal data in the following ways:
to ensure that the information on our sites is presented in the most effective manner.
to provide you with better service and products according to your business needs.
to notify you about the changes in our products and services.
to carry out any obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you and us.
to create a better and interactive social media platform with clients and huge mass.
we use and share personal data in ways that are relevant for the purposes and information provided for the same is authorized by you. biz4intellia offers the opportunity to opt-out from the information they receive via emails and other social media platforms.
security
we have implemented organizational security measures for the purpose of protecting personal data. when you submit sensitive information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline.
wherever we collect sensitive information (such as credit card data), that information is encrypted and transmitted to us in a secure way. you can verify this by looking for a lock icon in the address bar and looking for "https" at the beginning of the address of the web page.					while we use encryption to protect sensitive information transmitted online, we also protect your information offline. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, billing or customer service) are granted access to personally identifiable information. the computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
cookies
we use "cookies" on our site. a cookie is a piece of data stored on a site visitor's hard drive to help us improve your access to our site and identify repeat visitors to our site. for instance, when we use a cookie to identify you, you would not have to log in a password more than once, thereby saving time while on our site. cookies can also enable us to track and target the interests of our users to enhance the experience on our site. usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information on our site.
compliance and enforcement
biz4intellia inc. conducts periodic internal compliance audits of our relevant practices to verify adherence to this privacy policy. we encourage individuals to raise any concerns they have about the way we process their personal data by contacting us at the address below. we would answer any questions to investigate any concerns or complaints.
changes to our privacy policy
biz4intellia policy is amended from time to time. any changes we make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and also would be notified to you via email. whenever changes are made, we will revise the “last updated” date at the top of this policy.
how to contact us
if you have any questions or concerns about our use of your personal information or this privacy policy, please contact us using the following details:
contact no:  614-329-6463
email: info@biz4intellia.com
limitation on scope of privacy principles
adherence by biz4intellia to this privacy policy may be limited to the extent required to meet a legal, governmental, national security, or public interest obligation.
begin your iiot journey
want to know how iiot can help you to make your business successful? curious about the implementation process of intellia iot business solution and its pricing?
7380 w sand lake rd #500, orlando, fl  32819, usa
7380 w sand lake rd #500, orlando, fl  32819, usa
+1 (614) 329-6463
info@biz4intellia.com
follow, like, tweet or post. we would love to interact with you






we're happy to share our rating!
quick links
home
about us
blog
contact us
login to app
book an appointment
subscribe to get email updates !
2022. all rights reserved biz4intellia inc.
privacy policy
terms & conditions
submit your details
