请升级浏览器版本
你正在使用旧版本浏览器。请升级浏览器以获得更好的体验。
chrome
firefox
safari
edge
globalsales@boocax.com
中文
productsspray disinfection robot series180c220a180auv disinfection robot seriesuv 200uv 200sbubble fish disinfection robotbubble fish													spray disinfection robot series																									professional disinfection																									uv disinfection robot series																									professional scene, high efficiency																									bubble fish disinfection robot																									small and flexible, heavy fog																								180c																								180a																								220a																								uv 200																								uv 200s																								bubble fish												productsspray disinfection robot seriesuv disinfection robot series180c220a180auv 200uv 200sbubble fish
spray disinfection robot series
180c
220a
180a
uv disinfection robot series
uv 200
uv 200s
bubble fish disinfection robot
bubble fish
about boocaxcompany profilecontact us
company profile
contact us
solutionshotelhospitalschooldisease controltransport
hotel
hospital
school
disease control
transport
business cooperation
services supportdownloadafter-sale policybook a presentation
download
after-sale policy
book a presentation
blog
productsabout boocaxsolutionscooperationservices supportdownloadafter-sale policyblog
products
about boocax
solutions
cooperation
services support
download
after-sale policy
blog
privacy policy
this privacy policy sets out how boocax robotics uses and protects any information that you give boocax robotics when you use this website. boocax robotics is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. boocax robotics may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes. this policy is effective from 1st of jul, 2021.
we may collect the following information
- company name, name and country/area
- contact information including email address, phone, etc.
- demographic information such as postal code, preferences and interests
- other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
we require this information to understand your needs and provide you with a better service
- internal record keeping
- we may use the information to improve our products and services
- we may periodically send promotional emails about new products, special offers or other information which we think you may find interesting using the email address which you have provided
- from time to time, we may also use your information to contact you for market research purposes. we may contact you by email, phone, whatsapp or skype. we may use the information to customize the website according to your interests
security
we are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. in order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
links to other websites
our website may contain links to other websites of interest. however, once you have used these links to leave our site, you should note that we do not have any control over that other website. therefore, we cannot be responsible for the protection and privacy of any information which you provide whilst visiting such sites and such sites are not governed by this privacy statement. you should exercise caution and look at the privacy statement applicable to the website in question.
controlling your personal information
you may choose to restrict the collection or use of your personal information in the following ways: whenever you are asked to fill in a form on the website, look for the box that you can click to indicate that you do not want the information to be used by anybody for direct marketing purposes.
if you have previously agreed to us using your personal information for direct marketing purposes, you may change your mind at any time by emailing us at globalsales@boocax.com
we will not sell, distribute or lease your personal information to third parties unless we have your permission or are required by law to do so. we may use your personal information to send you promotional information about third parties which we think you may find interesting if you tell us that you wish this to happen.

better robot, better life.
ch
en
navigation column
home
business cooperation
download
after-sale policy
solution
blog
privacy policy
products
spray disinfection robot series
standard atomization - 180c
terminal disinfection - 180a
professional atomization - 220a
uv disinfection robot series
professional uv disinfection - uv200
standard uv disinfection - uv200s
bubble fish disinfection robot
affordable atomization-bf01-new arrival !
about boocax
company profile
contact us
contact us
0086-15503983536
globalsales@boocax.com
518103
room 302, no. 90-10, dayang road, xintian community, fuhai street, baoan district, shenzhen
