products              products overview   video systems              video systems overview   fixed dome cameras   bullet cameras   moving cameras (ptz)   panoramic cameras   multi-imager cameras   box cameras   thermal cameras   special cameras   analog cameras   video analytics   video software   recording   encoders and decoders   workstations and servers   monitors   accessories     intrusion alarm systems              intrusion alarm systems overview   control panels and keypads   accessories for control panels and keypads   detectors and accessories   premises wireless   software   conettix communications   arming devices   signaling devices     conference systems              conference systems overview   dicentis conference system   dicentis wireless conference system   dcn conference solutions   ccs 1000 d digital discussion system   ccs 900 ultro discussion system   integrus - wireless language distribution system     public address and voice alarm              public address and voice alarm overview   pa, commercial sound and emergency sound   digital pa and emergency sound   microphones   loudspeakers     fire alarm systems - en54              fire alarm systems - en54 overview   avenar panel   fire alarm panels   automatic fire detectors   manual call points   interface modules   notification appliances   video-based fire detection   accessories   door control   fire service appliances     fire alarm systems - ul, ulc, fm              fire alarm systems - ul, ulc, fm overview   analog products   addressable products   conventional products   door holders   audio evacuation products   notification appliances and accessories   communication products   power supply and supervision products   programming products   testing and service products   enclosures and accessories     software products              software products overview   building integration system   video software   access software   intrusion software   fire software     access control systems              access control systems overview   building integration system   access management system   access professional edition   access modular controller   readers and credentials   access control accessories   access easy control system   security escort

products overview
video systems              video systems overview   fixed dome cameras   bullet cameras   moving cameras (ptz)   panoramic cameras   multi-imager cameras   box cameras   thermal cameras   special cameras   analog cameras   video analytics   video software   recording   encoders and decoders   workstations and servers   monitors   accessories

video systems overview
fixed dome cameras
bullet cameras
moving cameras (ptz)
panoramic cameras
multi-imager cameras
box cameras
thermal cameras
special cameras
analog cameras
video analytics
video software
recording
encoders and decoders
workstations and servers
monitors
accessories
intrusion alarm systems              intrusion alarm systems overview   control panels and keypads   accessories for control panels and keypads   detectors and accessories   premises wireless   software   conettix communications   arming devices   signaling devices

intrusion alarm systems overview
control panels and keypads
accessories for control panels and keypads
detectors and accessories
premises wireless
software
conettix communications
arming devices
signaling devices
conference systems              conference systems overview   dicentis conference system   dicentis wireless conference system   dcn conference solutions   ccs 1000 d digital discussion system   ccs 900 ultro discussion system   integrus - wireless language distribution system

conference systems overview
dicentis conference system
dicentis wireless conference system
dcn conference solutions
ccs 1000 d digital discussion system
ccs 900 ultro discussion system
integrus - wireless language distribution system
public address and voice alarm              public address and voice alarm overview   pa, commercial sound and emergency sound   digital pa and emergency sound   microphones   loudspeakers

public address and voice alarm overview
pa, commercial sound and emergency sound
digital pa and emergency sound
microphones
loudspeakers
fire alarm systems - en54              fire alarm systems - en54 overview   avenar panel   fire alarm panels   automatic fire detectors   manual call points   interface modules   notification appliances   video-based fire detection   accessories   door control   fire service appliances

fire alarm systems - en54 overview
avenar panel
fire alarm panels
automatic fire detectors
manual call points
interface modules
notification appliances
video-based fire detection
accessories
door control
fire service appliances
fire alarm systems - ul, ulc, fm              fire alarm systems - ul, ulc, fm overview   analog products   addressable products   conventional products   door holders   audio evacuation products   notification appliances and accessories   communication products   power supply and supervision products   programming products   testing and service products   enclosures and accessories

fire alarm systems - ul, ulc, fm overview
analog products
addressable products
conventional products
door holders
audio evacuation products
notification appliances and accessories
communication products
power supply and supervision products
programming products
testing and service products
enclosures and accessories
software products              software products overview   building integration system   video software   access software   intrusion software   fire software

software products overview
building integration system
video software
access software
intrusion software
fire software
access control systems              access control systems overview   building integration system   access management system   access professional edition   access modular controller   readers and credentials   access control accessories   access easy control system   security escort

access control systems overview
building integration system
access management system
access professional edition
access modular controller
readers and credentials
access control accessories
access easy control system
security escort
solutions              solutions overview   video systems              video systems overview   power to predict   ai-driven video analytics   news     intrusion alarm systems              intrusion alarm systems overview   tritech motion detectors     conference solutions              conference solutions overview   ip-based conferencing   wifi-based wireless conferencing   plug-and-play digital discussion   language distribution system   consultants     public address and voice alarm              public address and voice alarm overview   praesensa   praesideo   paviro   plena matrix   lb20 loudspeakers   technologies   consultants     fire alarm systems              fire alarm systems overview   fire alarm system design   fire detection   fire and smoke detection camera   voice alarm   remote monitoring fire alarm systems    fire alarm control panels     management software              management software overview   video management system   building integration system   bosch software assurance   intelligent insights     access control systems              access control systems overview   access control software   visitor management     services              services overview   professional services   installer services   vsaas   services catalog

solutions overview
video systems              video systems overview   power to predict   ai-driven video analytics   news

video systems overview
power to predict
ai-driven video analytics
news
intrusion alarm systems              intrusion alarm systems overview   tritech motion detectors

intrusion alarm systems overview
tritech motion detectors
conference solutions              conference solutions overview   ip-based conferencing   wifi-based wireless conferencing   plug-and-play digital discussion   language distribution system   consultants

conference solutions overview
ip-based conferencing
wifi-based wireless conferencing
plug-and-play digital discussion
language distribution system
consultants
public address and voice alarm              public address and voice alarm overview   praesensa   praesideo   paviro   plena matrix   lb20 loudspeakers   technologies   consultants

public address and voice alarm overview
praesensa
praesideo
paviro
plena matrix
lb20 loudspeakers
technologies
consultants
fire alarm systems              fire alarm systems overview   fire alarm system design   fire detection   fire and smoke detection camera   voice alarm   remote monitoring fire alarm systems    fire alarm control panels

fire alarm systems overview
fire alarm system design
fire detection
fire and smoke detection camera
voice alarm
remote monitoring fire alarm systems
fire alarm control panels
management software              management software overview   video management system   building integration system   bosch software assurance   intelligent insights

management software overview
video management system
building integration system
bosch software assurance
intelligent insights
access control systems              access control systems overview   access control software   visitor management

access control systems overview
access control software
visitor management
services              services overview   professional services   installer services   vsaas   services catalog

services overview
professional services
installer services
vsaas
services catalog
industries              industries overview   airports   energy and utility   industrial manufacturing   intelligent transportation systems (its)   multi store retail   office / apartment buildings    railway

industries overview
airports
energy and utility
industrial manufacturing
intelligent transportation systems (its)
multi store retail
office / apartment buildings
railway
partners              partners overview   meet our partners   integration tools

partners overview
meet our partners
integration tools
news              news overview   trends & technologies   product news   customer stories   events   press room   newsletter

news overview
trends & technologies
product news
customer stories
events
press room
newsletter
support              support overview   tools              tools overview   apps & tools   bim     learning              learning overview   training   webinar     technical support              technical support overview   warranty   troubleshooting   repair & exchange   data transfer information     knowledge base   product security   contact us

support overview
tools              tools overview   apps & tools   bim

tools overview
apps & tools
bim
learning              learning overview   training   webinar

learning overview
training
webinar
technical support              technical support overview   warranty   troubleshooting   repair & exchange   data transfer information

technical support overview
warranty
troubleshooting
repair & exchange
data transfer information
knowledge base
product security
contact us
about us              about us overview   sustainability

about us overview
sustainability
where to buy
select a country/region
home
terms of use
terms of use
data protection notice
data protection policy
data protection policy of robert bosch s.a.
robert bosch s.a (hereinafter "bosch“ or "we“ or "us") is delighted about your visit to our internet pages and mobile applications (together also referred to as "online offers") and about your interest in our company and our products.
1. bosch respects your privacy
the protection of your privacy throughout the course of processing personal data as well as the security of all business data is an important concern to us. we process personal data that was gathered during your visit of our online offers confidentially and only in accordance with statutory regulations.
data protection and information security are included in our corporate policy.
2. controller
bosch is the controller responsible for the processing of your data; exceptions are outlined in this data protection notice.
our contact details are as follows:
robert bosch s.a.37 erchias19400 koropigreeceemail: boschst@gr.bosch.com phone: +30 (210)570-1353
3. collection, processing and usage of personal data
3.1. processed categories of data
the following categories of data are processed:
communication data (e.g. name, telephone, e-mail, address, ip address, company)
contractual master data (e.g. contractual relationships, contractual or product interest)
client history

3.2. principles
personal data consists of all information related to an identified or identifiable natural person; this includes, e.g. names, addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, contractual master data, contract accounting and payment data, which is an expression of a person's identity.
we collect, process and use personal data (including ip addresses) only when there is either a statutory legal basis to do so, or you have given your consent to the processing or use of personal data concerning this matter, e.g. by means of registration.
3.3. processing purposes and legal bases
we; as well as the service providers commissioned by us; process your personal data for the following processing purposes:
provision of these online offers including contact form to contact us for the products and services offered by us for the purpose of the fulfillment of a contract.(legal basis: justified interest on our part in direct marketing as long as this occurs in accordance with data protection and competition law; as well as the fulfillment of contractual obligations).
provision of these online offers and fulfillment of contractual obligation’s under our contractual terms including invoicing and prior credit assessment. invoicing may include the sale of claims.(legal bases: fulfillment of contractual obligation respectively our justified interest in an efficient claims management and in avoiding claim defaults as regards the sale of claims and the credit assessment.
resolving service disruptions as well as for security reasons.(legal bases: fulfillment of our legal obligations within the scope of data security and justified interest in resolving disruptions/disturbances and in the security of our offers).
self-promotion and promotion by others, as well as market research and reach analysis within the scope statutorily permitted or based on consent.(legal bases: consent / justified interest on our part in direct marketing as long as this occurs in accordance with data protection and competition law).
sending an email or sms/mms newsletter with the recipient’s consent.(legal basis: consent).
3.4. registration
if you wish to use or get access to benefits requiring to enter into the fulfillment of a contract, we request your registration. with your registration we collect personal data necessary for entering into the fulfillment of the contract (e.g. first name, last name, email address, if applicable, details on the preferred payment method or on the account holder) as well as further data on voluntary basis, if applicable. mandatory information is marked with an *.
3.5. log files
each time you use the internet, your browser is transmitting certain information which we store in so-called log files.
we save log files for a short period of time to determine service disruptions and for security reasons (e.g., to investigate attack at-tempts) and delete them after-wards. log files which need to be maintained for evidence purposes are excluded from deletion until the respective incident is resolved and may, on a case-by-case basis, be passed on to investigating authorities.
log files are also used for analysis purposes (without the ip address or without the complete ip ad-dress). also see module web analysis.
in log files, in particular the following information is saved:
ip address (internet proto-col address) of the terminal device which is being used to access the online offer;
internet address of the website from which the online offer is accessed (so-called url of origin or referrer url);
name of the service provider which was used to access the online offer;
name of the files or information accessed;
date and time as well as duration of recalling the da-ta;
amount of data transferred;
operating system and in-formation on the internet browser used, including add-ons installed (e.g., flash player);
http status code (e.g., “re-quest successful” or “file requested not found”).
3.6. children
this online offer is not meant for children under 16 years of age.
3.7. data transfer
3.7.1. data transfer to other controllers
principally, your personal data is forwarded to other controllers only if required for the fulfillment of a contractual obligation, or if we our-selves, or a third party, have a legitimate interest in the data transfer, or if you have given your consent. particulars on the legal bases can be found in the section - purposes of processing and legal bases. third parties may also be other companies of the bosch group. when data is transferred to third parties based on a justified interest, this is explained in this data protection notice.
additionally, data may be transferred to other controllers when we are obliged to do so due to statutory regulations or enforceable administrative or judicial orders.
3.7.2. service providers (general)
we involve external service providers with tasks such as sales and marketing services, contract management, payment handling, programming, data hosting and hotline services. we have chosen those service providers carefully and monitor them on a regular basis, especially regarding their diligent handling of and protection of the data that they store. all service providers are obliged to maintain confidentiality and to comply to the statutory provisions. service providers may also be other bosch group companies.
3.8. transfer to recipients outside the eea
we might transfer personal data to recipients located outside the eea into so-called third countries.
in such cases, prior to the transfer we ensure that either the data recipient provides an appropriate level of data protection (e.g. due to a decision of adequacy by the european commission for the respective country or due to the agreement based on so-called eu model clauses with the recipient) or that you have consented to the transfer.
you are entitled to receive an overview of third country recipients and a copy of the specifically agreed-to provisions securing an appropriate level of data protection. for this purpose, please use the statements made in the contact section.
3.9. duration of storage; retention periods
principally, we store your data for as long as it is necessary to render our online offers and the services connected to them, or for as long as we have a justified interest in storing the data (e.g., we might still have a justified interest in postal mail marketing upon fulfillment of a contract). in all other cases, we delete your personal data with the exception of data we must store to fulfill legal obligations (e.g., we are obliged due to retention periods under the tax and commercial codes to have documents such as contracts and invoices available for a certain period of time).
4. usage of cookies
in the context of our online service, cookies and tracking mechanisms may be used. cookies are small text files that may be stored on your device when visiting our online service. tracking is possible using different technologies. in particular, we process information using pixel technology and/or during log file analysis.
4.1. categories
we distinguish between cookies that are mandatorily required for the technical functions of the online service and such cookies and tracking mechanisms that are not mandatorily required for the technical function of the online service. it is generally possible to use the online service without any cookies that serve non-technical purposes.
technically required cookiesby technically required cookies we mean cookies without those the technical provision of the online service cannot be ensured. these include e.g. cookies that store data to ensure smooth reproduction of video or audio footage. such cookies will be deleted when you leave the website.
cookies and tracking mechanisms that are technically not requiredwe only use such cookies and tracking mechanisms if you have given us your prior consent in each case. with the exception of the cookie that saves the current status of your privacy settings (selection cookie). this cookie is set based on legitimate interest.
we distinguish between two sub-categories with regard to these cookies and tracking mechanisms:
comfort cookies: these cookies facilitate operation and thus allow you to browse our online service more comfortably; e.g. your language settings may be included in these cookies. comfort cookies are currently not used.
marketing cookies and tracking mechanisms: by using marketing cookies and tracking mechanisms we and our partners are able to show you offerings based on your interests, resulting from an analysis of your user behavior.statistics: by using statistical tools, we measure e.g. the number of your page views.
4.2. overview of the marketing tools and cookies we use
you will find an overview of the marketing tools and cookies we use in this section.
cookie name: bosch-privacy-settings-v2storage period: this cookie will be stored for a maximum of 12 months or until you revoke your consent to the use of cookies.function: remembers your consent to the use of cookies for this website.
tool name: google analyticsprovider: google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usafunction: analysis of user behavior (page retrievals, number of visitors and visits, downloads), creation of pseudonymous user profiles based on cross-device information of logged-in google users (cross-device tracking), enrichment of pseudonymous user data with target group-specific information provided by google, retargeting, ux testing, conversion tracking and retargeting in conjunction with google ads.
tool name: google optimizeprovider: google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usafunction: cookie can analyze how users have behaved on a cross-site basis, ux testing.
tool name: google tag managerprovider: google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usafunction: administration of website tags via a user interface, integration of program codes on our websites.
4.3. management of cookies and tracking mechanisms
you can manage your cookie and tracking mechanism settings in the browser and/or our privacy settings.
note: the settings you have made refer only to the browser used in each case.
deactivation of all cookiesif you wish to deactivate all cookies, please deactivate cookies in your browser settings. please note that this may affect the functionality of the website.
management of your settings with regard to cookies and tracking mechanisms not required technicallywhen visiting our websites, you will be asked in a cookie layer whether you consent to our using of any technically not required cookies or tracking mechanisms, respectively.in our privacy settings, you may withdraw the consent with effect for the future or grant your consent at a later point in time.
5. usage of our mobile applications
in addition to our online offers, we offer mobile applications ("apps"), which you can download to your mobile device. beyond the data collected on websites, we collect additional personal data through our apps that specifically result from the usage of a mobile device. this occurs only when you expressly grant your consent.
5.1. data processing by app store operators
no data collection by us or outside our responsibility includes the transfer of data such as username, email address and individual device identifier to an app store (e.g., google play by google, app store by apple, galaxy apps store by samsung) when downloading the respective application. we are unable to influence this data collection and further processing by the app store as controller.
6. youtube
our online offers use the youtube video platform which is operated by youtube, llc, 901 cherry ave. san bruno, ca 94066, usa („youtube”). youtube is a platform which al-lows the playback of audio and video files.
when you access a respective site of our online offers that contains an embedded youtube player, this creates a connection to youtube so that the video or audio file can be transmitted and played back. in doing so, data is transferred to youtube as a data processor. we are not responsible for the processing of such data by youtube.
additional information on the scope and purpose of collected data, on further processing and usage of data by youtube, on your rights and the privacy options available to be chosen by you, can be found in youtube's data protection notice.
7. social plugins
in our online offers we use so-called social plugins from various social networks. they are individually described in this section.
when using plugins, your internet browser creates a direct connection to the respective social networks’ server. hereby the respective provider receives the information that your internet browser accessed from the respective site of our online offers - even if you do not have a user account with this provider or are currently not logged into your account. log files (including the ip address) are, in this case, directly transmitted from your internet browser to a server of the respective provider and might be stored there. the provider or its server may be located outside the eu or the eea (e.g. in the united states).
the plugins are standalone extensions by social network providers. for this reason, we are unable to influence the scope of data collected and stored by them.
purpose and scope of the collection, the continued processing and usage of data by the social network as well as your respective rights and setting options to protect your privacy can be found by consulting the respective social network's data protection notices.
in case you do not wish social network providers to receive and, if applicable, store or use data, you should not use the respective plugins.
facebook plugins
facebook is operated under www.facebook.com by facebook inc., 1601 s. california ave, palo alto, ca 94304, usa, and under www.facebook.de by facebook ireland limited, hanover reach, 5-7 hanover quay, dublin 2, ireland ("facebook"). find an overview over facebook's plugins and their appearance here: https://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins; find information on data protection at facebook here: http://www.facebook.com/policy.php.
twitter plugins
twitter is operated by twitter inc., 1355 market st, suite 900, san francisco, ca 94103, usa ("twitter"). find an overview over twitter's plugins and their appearance here: https://developer.twitter.com/en/docs/twitter-for-websites/overview.html; find information on data protection at twitter here: https://twitter.com/privacy.
pinterest plugins
pinterest is operated by pinterest inc., 808 brennan st, san francisco, ca 94103, usa ("pinterest"). find an overview over pinterest's plugins and their appearance here: https://developers.pinterest.com/tools/widget-builder/; find information on data protection at pinterest here: https://about.pinterest.com/de/privacy-policy.
linkedin
linkedin is operated by linkedin corperation: linkedin ireland unlimited company, wilton place, dublin 2, ireland.
8. communication tools on social media platforms
we use on our social media platform (e.g. linkedin, facebook) communication tools to process your messages sent via this social media platform and to offer you support.
when sending a message via our social media platform the message is processed to handle your query (and if necessary additional data, which we receive from the social media provider in connection with this message as your name or files).
in addition we can analyze these data in an aggregated and anonymized form in order to better understand how our social media platform is used.
we will forward the personal data you provide to the bosch legal entity responsible for the processing of your query (for example, in the event your query refers to a product that is distributed by another bosch legal entity). the legal basis for the processing of your data is our legitimate interest (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr) or, if applicable, an existing contractual relationship (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b gdpr). the processed personal data is deleted 180 days upon receipt of your message the latest.
9. newsletter
newsletter with opt-in; right of withdrawal
within the scope of our online offers you can sign up for newsletters. we provide the so-called double opt-in option which means that we will only send you a newsletter via email after you have explicitly confirmed the activation of the newsletter service to us by clicking on the link in a notification. in case you wish to no longer receive newsletters, you can terminate the subscription at any time by withdrawing your consent. you can withdraw your consent to email newsletters by clicking on the link which is sent in the respective newsletter mail. alternatively, please contact us via the contact details provided in the contact section.
10. external links
our online offers may contain links to third party internet pages – by providers who are not related to us. upon clicking the link, we have no influence on collecting, processing and using personal data possibly transmitted by clicking the link to the third party (such as the ip address or the url of the site on which the link is located) as the behavior of third parties is naturally outside our supervision. we do not assume responsibility for the processing of such personal data by third parties.
11. security
our employees and the companies providing services on our behalf, are obliged to confidentiality and to compliance with the applicable data protection laws.
we take all necessary technical and organizational measures to ensure an appropriate level of security and to protect your data that is administrated by us, especially from the risks of unintended or unlawful destruction, manipulation, loss, change or unauthorized disclosure or unauthorized access. our security measures are, pursuant to technological progress, constantly being improved.
12. user rights
to enforce your rights, please use the details provided in the contact section. in doing so, please ensure that an unambiguous identification of your person is possible.
right to information and access:you have the right to obtain confirmation from us about whether or not your personal data is being processed, and, if this is the case, access to your personal data.
right to correction and deletion: you have the right to obtain the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning yourself without undue delay from us. taking into account the purposes of the processing, you have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by means of providing a supplementary statement.this does not apply to data which is necessary for billing or accounting purposes or which is subject to a statutory retention period. if access to such data is not required, however, its processing is restricted (see the following).
restriction of processing:you have the right to demand for – as far as statutory requirements are fulfilled – restriction of the processing of your data.
objection to data processing:you have the right to object to data processing by us at any time. we will no longer process the personal data unless we demonstrate compliance with legal requirements to provide provable reasons for the further processing, which are beyond your interests, rights and freedoms or for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
objection to direct marketing:additionally, you may object to the processing of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time. please take into account that, due to organizational reasons, there might be an overlap between your objection and the usage of your data within the scope of a campaign which is already running.
objection to data processing based on the legal basis of “justified interest”:in addition, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data any time, insofar as this is based on the legal basis of justified interest. we will then terminate the processing of your data, unless we demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds according to legal requirements for the processing, which override your rights.
withdrawal of consent:in case you consented to the processing of your data, you have the right to object this consent with immediate effect. the legality of data processing prior to your revocation remains unchanged.
data portability:you are entitled to receive data that you have provided us in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or – if technically feasible – to demand that we transfer those data to a third party.
right of complaint with supervisory authority:you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority. you can appeal to the supervisory authority which is responsible for your place of residence or your state or to the supervisory authority responsible for us. this is:
state commissioner for data protection and freedom of information
address:kifisias av. 1-3115 23athensgreecephone: +30 210 6475696fax: +30 210 6475628email: contact@dpa.gr
13. changes to the data protection notice
we reserve the right to change our security and data protection measures if this is required due to technical development. in such cases, we will amend our data protection notice accordingly. please therefore observe the current version of our data protection notice, as this is subject to change.
14. contact
if you wish to contact us, please find us at the address stated in the "controller" section.
to assert your rights and to notify data protection incidents please the following link: https://www.bkms-system.net/bosch-datenschutz
for suggestions and complaints regarding the processing of your personal data we recommend that you contact our data protection officer:
data protection officerinformation security and privacy (c/isp)robert bosch gmbhpostfach 30 02 2070442 stuttgartgermany
or
mailto:dpo@bosch.com
15. effective date: 10.10.2019
contact us
newsletter
apps & tools
training
support
corporate information
legal notice
data protection notice
compliance
privacy settings
