products and servicesproducts and services overviewmobilityat homeindustry and trades

products and services overview
mobility
at home
industry and trades
news and stories
our companyour company overviewbosch in the usasocial responsibilitysocial responsibility overviewour legacy, commitment and approachbosch community fundsustainabilityinnovationour historyour history overviewa journey through our historybosch group worldwidebosch group worldwide overviewbosch at a glanceour business sectorsownership structurecomplianceour values

our company overview
bosch in the usa
social responsibilitysocial responsibility overviewour legacy, commitment and approachbosch community fundsustainability

social responsibility overview
our legacy, commitment and approach
bosch community fund
sustainability
innovation
our historyour history overviewa journey through our history

our history overview
a journey through our history
bosch group worldwidebosch group worldwide overviewbosch at a glanceour business sectorsownership structurecomplianceour values

bosch group worldwide overview
bosch at a glance
our business sectors
ownership structure
compliance
our values
careerscareers overviewjob offersjob offers overviewjob searchhow we hirejobs worldwidewhy boschwhy bosch overviewlearning & developmentcollaboration and leadershipculture and benefitsgrowth and developmentmeet the teamfields of workfields of work overviewfocus areasabout usworkplacesglobal careerssoftware developmentstart your careerstart your career overviewgraduatesstudentsequal opportunity employer

careers overview
job offersjob offers overviewjob searchhow we hirejobs worldwide

job offers overview
job search
how we hire
jobs worldwide
why boschwhy bosch overviewlearning & developmentcollaboration and leadershipculture and benefitsgrowth and developmentmeet the team

why bosch overview
learning & development
collaboration and leadership
culture and benefits
growth and development
meet the team
fields of workfields of work overviewfocus areasabout usworkplacesglobal careerssoftware development

fields of work overview
focus areas
about us
workplaces
global careers
software development
start your careerstart your career overviewgraduatesstudents

start your career overview
graduates
students
equal opportunity employer
media center
bosch global
home
privacy policy
privacy policy
corporate information
notices
b2b transactions
privacy policy
bosch privacy policy – highlights
robert bosch llc has set out below some important highlights of the privacy policy for our website (“bosch us website.” you can obtain more information about how we collect, use, disclose and safeguard your personal information by reviewing our full privacy policy below.
this website is intended for customers in north america only. these online offerings do not serve the european union ("eu") market. eu users should visit www.bosch.com and boschglobal social media channels.
what personal information do we collect?
we collect various types of information about our users in connection with the services or products provided through the bosch us website (collectively, the “services”), including:
information we collect directly from you (i.e., when given by you);
information we collect indirectly from you (i.e., collected when you use the bosch us website or services); and
information we obtain from third-party sources.
we also may collect information in ways that we describe to you at the point of collection or otherwise with your consent.
why do we collect personal information and how is it used?
fulfilling or meeting the reason you provided the information.
technical administration of bosch and bosch affiliate websites, mobile applications and/or services.
maintaining the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
customer, vendor, licensor and/or supplier administration, review and/or reports.
administering, maintaining, personalizing and improving bosch and bosch affiliates’ mobile applications, products and services, including, without limitation, to authenticate users, process payments, provide requested services, provide optional additional services and to develop new features, products and/or services.
providing customer service.
responding to submitted inquiries and customer service requests and other questions and/or comments.
for the u.s., this data may be used for marketing and analytic purposes.
compliance with legal and/or regulatory requirements.
evaluating or conducting a merger, sale of assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of any bosch business, asset or opportunity by, with or into another business, entity or company.
bosch will not collect or use personal information for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice (or obtaining your consent, where required by applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction).
is personal information shared or disclosed?
bosch may share your information with:
bosch affiliated entities,
service providers, vendors, consultants, suppliers, licensors, marketing, partners and other partners and entities performing work on bosch’s behalf, as follows:
relevant authorities in accordance with, and as bosch deems required, necessary and/or appropriate by, or in connection with, applicable law, regulation, court order or legal process.
what are the risks?
we may transfer your personal information to countries other than the country where you reside, including to affiliates and service providers. therefore, your information may be accessible to courts, law enforcement and national authorities in such other countries. you can obtain information about bosch’s policies and practices with respect to foreign service providers, or ask questions about the collection, use, disclosure or storage of personal information by such service providers, by contacting our privacy policy administrator as described in the privacy policy.
bosch security measures are being continuously improved in accordance with the state of technological developments, however, absolute protection is not possible. however, we cannot guarantee the security of information posted or transmitted using the bosch us website.
what else should you know?
if you opt to provide personal information via our contact form, your personal information will be transferred via email to our customer service support staff and shared with the necessary contacts to address your inquiry.
you may contact our privacy policy administrator, as described in the privacy policy, with any questions about the collection of your personal information.
in some circumstances, you also may have a right to access, update, and correct inaccuracies in your personal data (e.g., pursuant to local law).
any additional choices you may have are described in the full privacy policy below.
notice to canadian users: please note that by using the bosch us website and/or voluntarily providing your personal information to us, as applicable, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in our privacy policy and summarized above.
bosch us website privacy policy
i. introduction
robert bosch llc (“bosch”, “we”, “us” or “our”) is pleased to have you (“you” or “your”) [visit our websites (“bosch us website”) and welcomes your interest in the services or products provided through the bosch us website (collectively, the “services”). this privacy policy (this “notice”) applies to all users of the bosch us website and the services, anywhere in the united states, canada, and their respective territories and possessions. terms capitalized but not defined in this notice are as defined in the terms of use (the “terms”).
the protection of your privacy is an important concern to which we pay special attention. we process personal information collected during your visit to the bosch us website and use of services in compliance with this notice and all applicable laws and regulations. data protection and information security are part of bosch corporate policy.
notice to canadian users: please note that by using the bosch us website and/or voluntarily providing your personal information to us, as applicable, you are consenting to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information as described in this notice. if you do not consent to the processing of your personal information in accordance with this notice, please do not access or continue to use the bosch us website or otherwise provide any personal information to us.


ii. scope
this notice covers our treatment of (1) personally identifiable information, as defined by numerous statutes in the united states ( “pii laws”), (2) personal information, as defined by the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”), and (3) personal information, as defined by canada’s personal information protection and electronic documents act and any applicable substantially similar provincial legislation (“canadian privacy laws”) (collectively, “personal information”) which we gather when you are accessing, viewing, completing, or using this bosch us website/or our services.
iii. collection of personal information
the bosch us website has collected the following personal information from users of the bosch us website within the last twelve (12) months:
1) identifierswe collect this information from our users, customers, and business partners. we also generate identifiers internally.
examples:real name, postal address, internet protocol address, email address, or other similar identifiers.
how we use it:to enable our customer service team to reply to inquiries via our contact form.
how we share it:we share this data internally, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
2) internet or other similar network activitywe collect this information from our users and customers.
examples:browsing history, search history, information on a consumer's interaction with a website, application, or advertisement.
how we use it:to enable use of our sites, services, and products, to communicate with you, to understand how our users interact with our sites, and to improve our offerings
how we share it:we share this data with our service providers and with business partners, including those to whom you instruct us to send this information.
3) inferences drawn from other personal informationwe generate these internally.
examples:profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, psychological trends, predispositions, behavior, attitudes, intelligence, abilities, and aptitudes.
how we use it:we anonymize this data and use it to understand how users interact with our sites, to develop and offer more relevant and useful services and products, and to improve the products and services we offer.
how we share it:we don’t share such information.
bosch will continue to collect the personal information described above. if any additional personal information is collected by bosch, we will provide any required notice(s), and where applicable obtain any required consent(s), in accordance with applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction.
iv. sources of personal information.
bosch collects personal information from the following categories of sources:
1) directly from you. for example, when given by you or collected from you thorough your access to and/or use of the bosch us website and/or the services when you contact customer support or otherwise interact or communicate with bosch, its agents, representatives, suppliers, vendors or consultants through the bosch us website. this information may include, without limitation, your name, country, email address and any other information you choose to provide us.
2) indirectly from you. for example, from observing your use of the bosch us website and/or the services, or services related thereto. the following data may be collected automatically: the website from which you visit bosch (referrer), pages viewed, files downloaded (downloads), individual links clicked, search words or search phrases (site search), duration of visit, browser used, device data (e.g., unique device identifier, mac address, ip address, serial number, hardware model, network information and operating system and version), and other relevant details and/or information. if the visit is a result of online advertising such as banners, video ads, search engine advertising, etc., bosch or its agents, representatives, suppliers, vendors or consultants may record which banner, adword, etc. motivated or assisted with the visit to bosch websites.


v. use of personal information and purpose specification.
bosch may use your personal information for the purpose of:
1) fulfilling or meeting the reason you provided the information. for example, if you share your name and contact information to request a price quote or ask a question about our services, we will use that personal information to respond to your inquiry. if you provide your personal information to purchase a service, we will use that information to process your payment and facilitate delivery. we may also save your information to facilitate new product orders or process returns.
2) technical administration of bosch and bosch affiliate websites, mobile applications and/or services.
3) maintaining the safety, security, and integrity of our websites, products and services, databases and other technology assets, and business.
4) customer, vendor, licensor and/or supplier administration, review and/or reports.
5) administering, maintaining, personalizing and improving bosch and bosch affiliates’ mobile applications, products and services, including, without limitation, to authenticate users, process payments, provide requested services, provide optional additional services and to develop new features, products and/or services.
6) providing customer service.
7) responding to submitted inquiries and customer service requests and other questions and/or comments.
8) for the u.s., this data may be used for marketing and analytic purposes.
9) compliance with legal and/or regulatory requirements.
10) evaluating or conducting a merger, sale of assets, consolidation or restructuring, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of any bosch business, asset or opportunity by, with or into another business, entity or company.
bosch will not collect additional categories of personal information or use the personal information we collected for materially different, unrelated or incompatible purposes without providing you notice (or obtaining your consent, where required by applicable laws in the relevant jurisdiction).
vi. sharing and disclosure of personal information.
bosch may use, store, compile, manipulate, share and disclose your personal information with third parties for the purposes stated above. your personal information is shared with the following third parties:
1) bosch affiliated entities, including bosch’s parent company in germany, robert bosch gmbh, to leverage shared services and improve our services;
2) bosch third party service providers, vendors, consultants, suppliers, licensors, marketing, partners and other partners and entities performing work on bosch’s behalf, such as hosting vendors, advertising service providers, data analytics companies, marketing service companies, list managers and delivery companies.
3) relevant authorities in accordance with, and as bosch deems required, necessary and/or appropriate by, or in connection with, applicable law, regulation, court order or legal process;
by accessing and/or using the bosch us website or the services, you consent to the above uses and sharing of your personal information in accordance with this notice.


vii. disclosure or sale of personal information – past 12 months
1) disclosure of personal information. in the preceding twelve (12) months, bosch has not disclosed personal information for a business purpose. we do not disclose your personal information for a business purpose to third parties.
2) sales of personal information. in the preceding twelve (12) months, bosch has not sold personal information for a business purpose. we do not sell your personal information for a business purpose to third parties.
viii. use of the third-party web analytics tools.
bosch may use web analytics tools, such as the google analytics web analytics tool, to provide us with an analysis of your use of the bosch us website, overall use of and traffic on the bosch us website and other related services.. google analytics uses cookies that enable an analysis of your use of the bosch us website. the information generated by the cookie about your use of the bosch us website (such as when you visited the bosch us website, the referrer url, details on the configuration of your operating system, your browser and your access provider) are generally transmitted to, and stored on, a server of google located in the u.s.a. you are able to opt out of google analytics by downloading and utilizing the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, which you can obtain at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
bosch uses any information gathered by such analytics tools to analyze your use of the bosch us website, to generate reports on website activities and to perform other bosch us website related services to you. only authorized persons have access to this anonymized data.


ix. use of social plugins as part of social media.
bosch websites may use social media plugins (“plugins”) from social networks like facebook and twitter (“social network”). the plugins are identified by the respective social media logo or the respective suffix (the “button”).
if you visit a page on the bosch us website that contains plugins, your browser will establish a direct connection to the social network server and load the button from there, at the same time the social network will know that the respective page on the bosch us website has been visited. if you click on a button, you establish a direct connection to the respective social network. by clicking the applicable button you accept and consent to the transmission of your data to the social network. if you are logged into the social network, it can also associate your visit to the bosch us website to your social network account.
if you do not wish your data to be transmitted to the applicable social network via the bosch us website, ensure that you are not logged into the social network before visiting the bosch us website, and do not click on any plugins while on the bosch us website.
our websites may also use the youtube video platform that enables playback of audio and video files. by visiting such websites, youtube receives information that you have accessed the corresponding page on the bosch us website. such data is transmitted to youtube whether you are logged into a youtube user account or not.
for information about the scope and purpose of data collection by these social media companies, and your rights and the settings you can configure to protect your privacy, please refer to their privacy policys.
x. international data transfer.
bosch may transfer your personal information to bosch’s parent company in germany, robert bosch gmbh, and/or to any other bosch affiliates throughout the world, when processing, storing, analyzing and otherwise using data. bosch may also transfer your data to a third party outside the country of origin. accordingly, your personal information may be accessible to courts, law enforcement and national authorities in countries other than the country in which you reside. you can obtain information about bosch’s policies and practices with respect to foreign service providers (including affiliates), or ask questions about the collection, use, disclosure or storage of personal information by such service providers, by contacting our privacy policy administrator as described below.


xi. children’s privacy.
bosch does not knowingly collect or use any personal information from online visitors under the age of 16. bosch does not knowingly allow visitors under the age of 16 to participate in any promotions or contests made available on the bosch us website from time to time.


xii. california “shine the light” privacy rights
california’s “shine the light” law permits those bosch customers who are residents of california to annually request a list of their personal information (if any) that bosch disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes in the preceding calendar year, and the names and addresses of those third parties. at this time, bosch currently does not share any personal information with third parties for direct marketing purposes.


xiii. use of links to affiliated sites
the bosch us website may contain links to other bosch sites (“affiliated sites”). the bosch us website provides these links only as a convenience. your use of these affiliated sites and any related services are outside the scope of this notice, and is governed by the notices and any other terms referred to or located on such affiliated sites.


xiv. use of external links
the bosch us website may contain links to third-party websites or services operated by providers that are not associated with bosch. after you click the link, bosch no longer has any influence over the collection, storage, use or processing of any personal information transmitted by clicking the link (such as the ip address or url of the page that contains the link), as the behavior of third parties is, by nature, beyond bosch control. therefore, bosch is not responsible for the collection, storage, use, disclosure or other processing of personal information by such third parties. for further clarity, this privacy policy does not apply to any such third party websites or services; please refer to the privacy statements or policies for such third party websites or services for information about how they collect, use, disclose and protect personal information.


xv. security
bosch takes commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that your data collected by bosch through this bosch us website is protected against tampering, loss, destruction, access by unauthorized persons or unauthorized disclosure. bosch security measures are being continuously improved in accordance with the state of technological developments, however, absolute protection is not possible.
xvi. use of cookies
in the context of our online service, cookies and tracking mechanisms may be used. cookies are small text files that may be stored on your device when visiting our online service. tracking is possible using different technologies. in particular, we process information using pixel technology and/or during log file analysis.
4.1 categorieswe distinguish between cookies that are mandatorily required for the technical functions of the online service and such cookies and tracking mechanisms that are not mandatorily required for the technical function of the online service.
it is generally possible to use the online service without any cookies that serve non-technical purposes.
4.1.1 technically required cookiesby technically required cookies we mean cookies without those the technical provision of the online service cannot be ensured. these include e.g. cookies that store data to ensure smooth reproduction of video or audio footage.
such cookies will be deleted when you leave the website.
4.1.2 cookies and tracking mechanisms that are technically not requiredwe use marketing cookies and tracking mechanisms. we only use such cookies and tracking mechanisms if you have given us your prior consent in each case. with the exception of the cookie that saves the current status of your privacy settings (selection cookie). this cookie is set based on legitimate interest.
generalby using marketing cookies and tracking mechanisms we and our partners are able to show you offerings based on your interests, resulting from an analysis of your user behavior:
statistics: by using statistical tools, we measure e.g. the number of your page views.
conversion tracking: our conversion tracking partners place a cookie on your computer (“conversion cookie”) if you accessed our website via an advertisement of the respective partner. normally these cookies are no longer valid after 30 days. if you visit certain pages of our website and the cookie has not yet expired, we and the relevant conversion partner can recognize that a certain user clicked on the advertisement and thereby was redirected to our website. this can also be done across multiple devices. the information obtained by means of the conversion cookie serves the purpose of compiling conversion statistics and recording the total number of users who clicked on the respective advertisement and were redirected to a website with a conversion tracking tag.
social plugins: some of the pages of our online service involve content and services of other providers (e.g. facebook, twitter) which also may use cookies and active modules. for more details regarding social plugins please refer to the section on “social plugins” (see no. 7).
please note that using the tools might include transfer of your data to recipients outside of the eea where there is no adequate level of data protection pursuant to the gdpr (e.g. the usa). for more details in this respect please refer to the following description of the individual marketing tools:
name: google analyticsprovider: google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa function: analysis of user behavior (page retrievals, number of visitors and visits, downloads), creation of pseudonymous user profiles based on cross-device information of logged-in google users (cross-device tracking), enrichment of pseudonymous user data with target group-specific information provided by google, retargeting, ux testing, conversion tracking, and retargeting in conjunction with google ads
name: google tag managerprovider: google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usafunction: administration of website tags via a user interface, integration of program codes on our websites
name: google adsprovider: google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usafunction: placement of advertisements, remarketing, conversion trackingfurther information is available at: https://adssettings.google.com/authenticated

4.2 management of cookies and tracking mechanismsyou can manage your cookie and tracking mechanism settings in the browser and/or our privacy settings.
note: the settings you have made refer only to the browser used in each case.
4.2.1 deactivation of all cookiesif you wish to deactivate all cookies, please deactivate cookies in your browser settings. please note that this may affect the functionality of the website.
4.2.2 management of your settings with regard to cookies and tracking mechanisms not required technicallywhen visiting our websites, you will be asked in a cookie layer whether you consent to our using of any marketing cookies or tracking mechanisms, respectively.
in our privacy settings, you may withdraw the consent with effect for the future or grant your consent at a later point in time.
4.2.2 third-party cookies the bosch us website may incorporate content and services from other providers (e.g., youtube, facebook, google, twitter) who, in turn, may use cookies and active components. bosch has no influence on the processing of personal information by these providers. please note that the option provided by bosch to configure settings for cookies used has no effect on cookies and active components from other providers (e.g. youtube, facebook, google, twitter). please refer to the respective provider’s websites for information about how your data is handled.


xvii. international users.
this is a u.s. website and service targeted to users in the u.s. and canada, and the bosch us website and bosch services are subject to u.s. and canadian laws, as applicable, including, without limitation, those governing the privacy and security of your information. if you use bosch services, you are transferring your information to bosch in the united states. by using the bosch services or providing your information to bosch through the services you consent to the transfer of your personal information to the united states, and bosch handling of your information in accordance with applicable u.s. requirements and this notice. accordingly, your personal information may be accessible to courts, law enforcement and national authorities in the united states. you can obtain information about bosch’s policies and practices with respect to service providers (including affiliates) outside the country where you reside, or ask questions about the collection, use, disclosure or storage of personal information by such service providers, by contacting our privacy policy administrator as described below.
xviii. rights of california “consumers” relating to personal information collected by bosch.
individuals which fall within the definition of a “consumer” under the california consumer privacy protection act have the following rights relating to their personal information collected by bosch.
1) right to access specific information and data portability rights. you have the right to request that bosch discloses certain information to you about our collection and use of your personal information over the past 12 months. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see below, how to exercise your rights), we will disclose to you:
a. the categories of personal information we collected about you.
b. the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
c. our business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling that personal information.
d. the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
e. the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you.
f. if we sold or disclosed your personal information for a business purpose, two separate lists disclosing:
i. for “sales”, the personal information categories that each category of recipient purchased; and
ii. for disclosures for a business purpose, identifying the personal information categories that each category of recipient obtained.
2) deletion request rights.you have the right to request that bosch delete any of your personal information that we collected from you and retained, subject to certain exceptions. once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request (see exercising access, data portability, and deletion rights), we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
a. we may deny your deletion request if retaining the information is necessary for us or our service provider(s) to:
i. complete the transaction for which we collected the personal information, provide a good or service that you requested, take actions reasonably anticipated within the context of our ongoing business relationship with you, or otherwise perform our contract with you.
ii. detect security incidents, protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, or prosecute those responsible for such activities.
iii. debug products to identify and repair errors that impair existing intended functionality.
iv. exercise free speech, ensure the right of another consumer to exercise their free speech rights, or exercise another right provided for by law.
v. comply with the california electronic communications privacy act (cal. penal code § 1546 et. seq.).
vi. engage in public or peer-reviewed scientific, historical, or statistical research in the public interest that adheres to all other applicable ethics and privacy laws, when the information’s deletion may likely render impossible or seriously impair the research’s achievement, if you previously provided informed consent.
vii. enable solely internal uses that are reasonably aligned with consumer expectations based on your relationship with us.
viii. comply with a legal obligation.
ix. make other internal and lawful uses of that information that are compatible with the context in which you provided it.


xix. your rights – canadians
individuals located in canada have certain rights pursuant to canadian privacy laws. subject to certain exceptions and limitations, and depending upon the jurisdiction where you reside, such rights may include:
a. the right to withdraw your consent to the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information.
b. the right to be informed of the existence, use, and disclosure of your personal information, and to be provided with an account of the use that has been made or is being made of this information as well as the third parties to which it has been disclosed (including a list of organizations to which your information may have disclosed).
c. the right to challenge the accuracy and completeness of your personal information, and have it amended, updated or rectified as appropriate.
d. the right to acquire information about bosch’s policies and practices with respect to personal information, including: a description of the type of personal information held by bosch and a general account of its use; a copy of any brochures or other information that explain our policies, standards, or codes; and information about what personal information is shared with or accessible to our affiliates.
e. the right to challenge bosch’s compliance with the applicable canadian privacy laws.
xx. how to exercise your rights
to exercise your rights, please submit a verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable, to us by either:
calling us at +1 888-43-bosch (888-432-6724) or +1 917-421-7209.
visiting https://www.bosch.us/contact
only you (or in case of a california resident, an authorized agent authorized by you to act on your behalf – see section xxiii, authorized agent below for more information) may make a verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable related to your personal information. you may also make a verifiable consumer request on behalf of your minor child. your verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable, must:
provide sufficient information that allows us to reasonably verify you are the person about whom we collected personal information or an authorized representative.
describe your request with sufficient detail that allows us to properly understand, evaluate, and respond to it.
we cannot respond to your request or provide you with personal information if we cannot verify your identity or authority to make the request and confirm the personal information relates to you. making a verifiable consumer request or access request does not require you to create an account with us, but if you already have an account with us, you may be required to make your request through that account.
we will only use personal information provided in a verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable, to verify the requestor’s identity or authority to make the request.


xxi. response timing and format
we endeavor to respond to a verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable, within forty five (45) days of its receipt, or sooner where required by applicable law (including canadian privacy laws). if we require more time (up 90 days), where permitted by applicable law, we will inform you of the reason and extension period in writing.
if you have an account with us, we will deliver our written response to that account. if you do not have an account with us, we will deliver our written response by mail or electronically, at your option.
any disclosures we provide in response to a verifiable consumer request will only cover the 12-month period preceding the verifiable consumer request's receipt, unless otherwise required by applicable law. the response we provide will also explain the reasons we cannot comply with a request, if applicable.
for data portability requests, where applicable, we will select a format to provide your personal information that is readily useable and should allow you to transmit the information from one entity to another entity without hindrance.
we do not charge a fee to process or respond to your verifiable consumer request or access request, as applicable, unless it is excessive, repetitive, or manifestly unfounded. if we determine that the request warrants a fee, we will tell you why we made that decision and provide you with a cost estimate before completing your request.
xxii. personal information sales opt-out and opt-in rights
if you are 16 years of age or older, you have the right to direct us to not sell your personal information at any time (the "right to opt-out"). furthermore, where required by applicable law in the relevant jurisdiction, we will obtain your consent prior to selling your personal information. we do not sell the personal information of consumers we actually know are less than 16 years of age, unless we receive affirmative authorization (the "right to opt-in") from either the consumer who is between 13 and 16 years of age, or the parent or guardian of a consumer less than 13 years of age. consumers who opt-in to personal information sales may opt-out of future sales at any time.
to exercise the right to opt-out, you may submit a request to us via this email  link.
once you make an opt-out request, we will wait at least twelve (12) months before asking you to reauthorize personal information sales. however, you may change your mind and opt back in to personal information sales at any time by submitting a request to us via this email  link .
you do not need to create an account with us to exercise your opt-out rights. we will only use personal information provided in an opt-out request to review and comply with the request.


xxiii. authorized agent.
as a california resident you may also exercise your request to know or request to delete through an authorized agent. when you submit your request through an authorized agent we require that you:
1. provide us a copy of your written permission for the authorized agent to submit the applicable request; and
2. verify your own identity directly with us. the foregoing does not apply when you have provided your authorized agent with a power of attorney pursuant to california probate code sections 4000 to 4465; provided, that we may require a copy of such power of attorney before fulfilling any request.
xxiv. non-discrimination
we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your ccpa rights. unless permitted by the ccpa, we will not: (a) deny you goods or services; (b) charge you different prices or rates for goods or services, including through granting discounts or other benefits, or imposing penalties; (c) provide you a different level or quality of goods or services; or (d) suggest that you may receive a different price or rate for goods or services or a different level or quality of goods or services.
however, we may offer you certain financial incentives permitted by the ccpa that can result in different prices, rates, or quality levels. any ccpa-permitted financial incentive we offer will reasonably relate to your personal information's value and contain written terms that describe the program's material aspects. participation in a financial incentive program requires your prior opt in consent, which you may revoke at any time.


xxv. filing a complaint
regulatory authorities that oversee the privacy laws and regulations, including the office of the privacy commissioner of  canada, advise individuals to file an objection or challenge with the relevant company before lodging a formal complaint with a regulatory authority. if you are dissatisfied with bosch’s response to an objection or challenge filed under article xx above, or you if wish to file a complaint with a regulatory authority first, you may do so as follows:
under pipeda: you may file a complaint with the office of the privacy commissioner of canada. depending upon the province where you live, you may also (or instead) have the right to file a complaint with the applicable provincial privacy commissioner/regulator.
under pii laws: you may file a complaint with the relevant state’s attorney general’s office.
under the ccpa: you may file a complaint with the california attorney general’s office. for additional information regarding consumer complaints against a business/company under the ccpa and to initiate the complaint process, please click on the  link.


xxvi. changes to notice
due to the constantly changing nature of bosch business, bosch reserves the right to change, update, revise and/or modify this notice at any time at bosch’s sole discretion, and bosch will post any new or revised notice here. any such change, update, revision and/or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on this website, unless we are required to provide direct notice or obtain your consent pursuant to applicable laws. use of information that bosch gathers now will be subject to the notice in effect at the time of use. by using or navigating around the bosch us website or utilizing any of the services, you acknowledge that you have read and understood and agree to be bound by this notice and the applicable terms of use. if you do not agree to be so bound, do not remain on the bosch us website. you are responsible for checking the bosch us website frequently to keep apprised of recent changes.
________________________________________________________________________
the effective date of this notice is january 1, 2020
last modified: april 23, 2021.
xxvii. contact
to obtain more information or to submit suggestions or complaints regarding the processing of your personal information, you can contact the bosch privacy policy administrator.
if incorrect information has been stored despite bosch efforts to maintain correct and up-to-date data, bosch will correct this upon your written request, sent to:
email: privacy.policy@us.bosch.com
postal address:robert bosch llcprivacy policy administrator38000 hills tech drivefarmington hills, mi 48331
you may also contact as follows:phone: +1 888-43-bosch (888-432-6724)website: https://www.bosch.us/contact/
© copyright 2020 robert bosch llc. all rights reserved.
still looking for something?
general contact info
licenses and  patents
purchasing and  logistics
bosch gear and  apparel
corporate information
privacy policy
notices
b2b transactions
facility notices
web accessibility
privacy settings
