design & manufacture
deploy & operate
resources
contact us
privacy statement
last updated: july 27, 2020
bsquare respects the privacy of everyone who visits our website. this statement describes the personal information bsquare collects and what it does with that information. this statement applies to bsquare corporation and to our controlled affiliates and subsidiaries, including bsquare emea ltd (“bsquare”). this statement applies to our websites that display or reference this statement, but it does not apply to any websites or services that display or reference a different privacy statement.
how we collect information
bsquare may collect personal information from you in several ways. in all cases when you are asked to provide bsquare personal information it is voluntary; however, if you do not provide it bsquare may be unable to respond to your request.
the personal information we collect depends on how you interact with us, the products you use, and the choices you make. we collect and process personal information about you with your consent and/or as necessary to provide the products you use, operate our business, meet our contractual and legal obligations, protect the security of our systems and our customers, or fulfill other legitimate interests.
information you provide directly:
bsquare may collect information from you as part of a process of downloading its software, as part of your response to an offer, by your contacting us, by your voluntary subscription to a bsquare newsletter or other service, or by your response to a promotion or your response to a survey on our website.
bsquare collects your name and your email address from most communications with us. bsquare may also collect your postal address, company, and telephone numbers, in addition to your name and email address, depending on what you respond to as described above.
if you order products or services directly from bsquare, and if you provide your credit card number, it will be processed by our third party payment processor. as part of your purchase transaction, your name, credit card number, other payment information, and the amount purchased is sent to the appropriate institution for processing.
third-party sources:
we also obtain information from third parties. we protect information obtained from third parties according to the practices described in this statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by the source of the information. these third-party sources include:
data brokers from which we purchase demographic data to supplement the data we collect;
applications and services, such as social networks, that make users’ information available to others;
service providers that help us determine your device’s location based on its ip address to customize certain products to your location;
partners with which we offer co-branded services or engage in joint marketing activities; and
publicly-available sources, such as open government databases or other data in the public domain.
information collected automatically:
as further described in our cookie notice, bsquare also automatically collects certain technical information, such as the type of browser your use, the domain name of the website you used to link to the bsquare website, the type of operating system you use, ip address etc.
cookies:
we use cookies and similar technologies to operate our websites and online services and to help collect data. cookies are small text files placed on your device to store data that can be recalled by a web server in the same domain that placed the cookie. the text in a cookie often consists of a string of numbers and letters that uniquely identifies your device, but it can contain other information as well. for more information about cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons, please review our cookie notice.
we use cookies on our websites to store your settings, combat fraud, analyze how our products perform, and fulfill other legitimate purposes. we use web beacons to help deliver cookies on our websites, count users who have visited those websites, remarket and advertise to visitors of our websites and other websites, and gather usage and performance data. we also include web beacons in our promotional email messages or newsletters to determine whether you open and act on them. our websites may include web beacons and cookies from third-party service providers.
you can also use browser controls to limit how the websites you visit are able to use cookies. for more information, please review our cookie notice.
links to other websites
the bsquare website contains links to other companies’ websites. each of these companies may have its own privacy policy. bsquare is not responsible for any information you provide to any other company even if you link to it from our site. this includes any information provided to a third party for orders of products (bsquare products or anyone else’s).
what bsquare will do with your information
all data collected may be used for bsquare marketing purposes, including product campaigns and promotions through email, direct mail and telephone solicitation.
we use personal information we collect for the purposes described in this privacy statement or otherwise disclosed to you. for example, we also use personal information to:
provide and deliver our products, including securing, troubleshooting, and improving those products;
operate our business, such as improving our internal operations, securing our systems, and detecting fraudulent or illegal activity;
provide customer support and respond to your questions; and
send you information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
our sharing of personal information
we share personal information with your consent or as necessary to complete your transactions or provide the products you have requested or authorized. we also share personal information with vendors or agents working on our behalf for the purposes described in this statement. for example, companies we’ve hired to provide customer service support or assist in protecting and securing our systems and services may need access to personal information to provide those functions. in such cases, these companies must abide by data privacy and security requirements and are not allowed to use personal information they receive from us for any other purpose. we may also disclose personal information as part of a corporate transaction such as a merger, transfer, divestiture, or sale of all or a portion of our business or assets.
finally, we will access, transfer, disclose, and preserve personal information when we have a good faith belief that doing so is necessary to:
comply with applicable law or respond to valid legal process, including from law enforcement or other government agencies;
protect our customers, for example, to prevent spam or attempts to defraud users of our products, or to help prevent the loss of life or serious injury of anyone;
operate and maintain the security of our products, including to prevent or stop an attack on our computer systems or networks; or
protect our rights or property, including enforcing the terms of our agreements.
retention of personal information
we retain personal information for as long as necessary to provide the products and fulfill the transactions you have requested, or for other essential purposes such as complying with our legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing our agreements. because these needs can vary for different data types in the context of different products, actual retention periods can vary significantly based on criteria such as user expectations or consent, the sensitivity of the data, the availability of automated controls that enable users to delete data, and our legal or contractual obligations.
location of personal information
the personal information we collect may be stored and processed in your country or region, or in any other country where we or our affiliates, subsidiaries, or service providers maintain facilities. currently, we primarily use data centers in the united states. the storage location(s) are chosen in order to operate efficiently, to improve performance, and to create redundancies in order to protect the data in the event of an outage or other problem. we take steps designed to ensure that the data we collect under this statement is processed according to the provisions of this statement and applicable law wherever the data is located.
we transfer personal information from the european economic area and switzerland to other countries, some of which have not been determined by the european commission to have an adequate level of data protection. when we do so, we use a variety of legal mechanisms, including contracts, to help ensure your rights and protections. to learn more about the european commission’s decisions on the adequacy of personal information protections, please visit: https://ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/data-transfers-outside-eu/adequacy-protection-personal-data-non-eu-countries_en.
security of personal information
we take reasonable and appropriate steps to help protect personal information from unauthorized access, use, disclosure, alteration, and destruction
job applicants
we list our job openings on our website. you may apply for one of those openings through an online application. your resume goes to our human resources staff for evaluation. if you are selected for an interview, a copy of your resume will also be provided to those who interview you. statistical information, but no personally identifying information, may be used to fulfill government reporting requirements.
choice and control of personal information
access, correction, and deletion. if you wish to request access to, or correction or deletion of, personal information about you that we hold, you can always contact us as described at the bottom of this privacy statement. however, to the extent permitted by applicable law, we reserve the right to [charge a fee or] decline requests that are unreasonable, excessive, or prohibited by law, could adversely affect the privacy or other rights of another person, or where we are unable to authenticate you as the person to whom the data relates.
communication preferences. you can choose whether you wish to receive promotional communications from us by email. if you receive promotional email from us and would like to stop, you can do so by following the directions in that message. you may also contact us at the information set out below. these choices do not apply to mandatory service communications that are part of certain of our products, or to surveys or other informational communications that may have their own unsubscribe method.
cookie controls. most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can set your browser to delete or reject cookies.  if you choose to delete or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our website. see our cookie notice for more details.
analytics. our third-party analytics partners typically provide options to opt-out of certain information collection or use. see the cookies section of this privacy statement for more details.
do not track. some browsers have incorporated “do not track” (dnt) features that can send a signal to the websites you visit indicating you do not wish to be tracked. because there is not a common understanding of how to interpret the dnt signal, our websites do not currently respond to browser dnt signals. instead, you can use the range of other tools to control data collection and use, including the cookie controls and advertising controls described above.
european data protection rights
if the processing of personal information about you is subject to european union data protection law, you have certain rights with respect to that data:
you can request access to, and rectification or erasure of, personal information;
if any automated processing of personal information is based on your consent or a contract with you, you have a right to transfer or receive a copy of your personal information in a usable and portable format;
if the processing of personal information is based on your consent, you can withdraw consent at any time for future processing; and
you can to object to, or obtain a restriction of, the processing of personal information under certain circumstances.
to make such requests, contact us at legal@bsquare.com.  when we are processing data on behalf of another party that is the “data controller,” you should direct your request to that party. you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, but we encourage you to first contact us with any questions or concerns.
policy changes
we may change this statement at any time. please check our website periodically to see what changes might have been made. when we post changes to the statement, we will change the “last updated” date at the top of the statement. if we make material changes to the statement, we will provide notice or obtain consent regarding such changes as may be required by law.
how to contact us
if you have a privacy concern, complaint, or a question for bsquare, please contact us at legal@bsquare.com.
our address is:
bsquare corporation1415 western ave., suite 700seattle, wa 98101
our data protection representative for the european economic area and switzerland is bsquare emea ltd.
contact us
general inquiries
contact us
social
twitter
linkedin
youtube
additional resources
about us
support
careers
investors
privacy statement
cookie policy
vulnerability reporting
us headquarters 1415 western ave. suite 700 seattle, wa 98101 +1.425.519.5900 +1.888.820.4500
us
uk county gate county way trowbridge, ba14 7fj, uk +44 (0) 1225 710600
uk
© copyright 2022 bsquare corporation. all rights reserved.
