technologyexosystem™everest™field kit™guardian™
exosystem™
everest™
field kit™
guardian™
solutionswindoil & gassolaragriculture
wind
oil & gas
solar
agriculture
pricing
how it works
safety
aboutcompanymedia downloadspress
company
media downloads
press
careerscurrent openingsbecome an operator
current openings
become an operator
privacy policy
revisions to this privacy policy
any information that is collected via our services is covered by the privacy policy in effect at the time such information is collected. we may revise this privacy policy from time to time. if we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we’ll notify you of those changes by posting them on the services or by sending you an email or other notification, and we’ll update the “last updated” date to indicate when those changes will become effective.
information collected or received from you
our primary goals in collecting information are to provide and improve our services, to administer your use of the services (including your account, if you are an account holder), and to enable you to enjoy and easily navigate our services.
personal information
we will collect your email address when you join our mailing list and use it to send you communications about our services, which we believe will be of interest to you.
information collected using cookies and other web technologies
like many website owners and operators, we use automated data collection tools such as cookies and web beacons to collect certain information.
“cookies” are small text files that are placed on your device by a web server when you access our services. we may use both session cookies and persistent cookies to identify that you’ve logged in to the services and to tell us how and when you interact with our services. we may also use cookies to monitor aggregate usage and web traffic routing on our services and to customize and improve our services. unlike persistent cookies, session cookies are deleted when you log off from the services and close your browser. although most browsers automatically accept cookies, you can change your browser options to stop automatically accepting cookies or to prompt you before accepting cookies. please note, however, that if you don’t accept cookies, you may not be able to access all portions or features of the services. some third-party services providers that we engage (including third-party advertisers) may also place their own cookies on your device. note that this privacy policy covers only our use of cookies and does not include use of cookies by such third parties.
“web beacons” (also known as web bugs, pixel tags or clear gifs) are tiny graphics with a unique identifier that may be included on our services for several purposes, including to deliver or communicate with cookies, to track and measure the performance of our services, to monitor how many visitors view our services, and to monitor the effectiveness of our advertising. unlike cookies, which are stored on the device, web beacons are typically embedded invisibly on web pages (or in an e-mail).
“log data” means certain information about how a person uses our services, including both account holders and non-account holders (either, a “user”). log data may include information such as a user’s internet protocol (ip) address, browser type, operating system, the web page that a user was visiting before accessing our services, the pages or features of our services to which a user browsed and the time spent on those pages or features, search terms, the links on our services that a user clicked on and other statistics. we use log data to administer the services and we analyze (and may engage third parties to analyze) log data to improve, customize and enhance our services by expanding their features and functionality and tailoring them to our users’ needs and preferences. we may use a person’s ip address to generate aggregate, non-identifying information about how our services are used.
cookie preferences can be managed on our website at any time.
information sent by your device
we collect certain information that your device sends when you use our services, like a device identifier, user settings, and the operating system of your device, as well as information about your use of our services.
location information
when you use our services, we may collect and store information about your location by converting your ip address into a rough geo-location. we may use location information to improve and personalize our services for you.
information that we share with third parties
we will not share any information that we have collected from or regarding you except as described below:
information shared with our services providers
we may engage third-party services providers to work with us to administer and provide the services. these third-party services providers have access to your information only for the purpose of performing services on our behalf. we may also share your information with our marketing service providers to help us better market our products and services to you. these marketing service providers may use your information only for the purpose of helping us to provide relevant products and services information to you.
information shared with other third parties
we may share anonymized or aggregated data we collect from the use of the services, such as de-identified demographic information, de-identified location information, information about the computer or device from which you access the services, market trends and other analysis that we create based on the information we receive from you and other users.
information shared with web analytics services providers
we use google analytics, a service provided by google, inc. (“google”), to gather information about how users engage with our site and services. for more information about google analytics, please visit www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/. you can opt out of google’s collection and processing of data generated by your use of the services by going to http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
opt-out of ad tracking
you can opt out of the collection and use of your information for ad targeting by going to http://www.aboutads.info/choices or http://www.youronlinechoices.eu/ to limit collection through the site or by configuring the settings on your mobile device to limit ad tracking through the app.
information disclosed in connection with business transactions
information that we collect from our users is considered to be a business asset. thus, if we are acquired by a third party as a result of a transaction such as a merger, acquisition or asset sale or if our assets are acquired by a third party in the event we go out of business or enter bankruptcy, some or all of our assets, including your information, may be disclosed or transferred to a third party acquirer in connection with the transaction.
information disclosed for our protection and the protection of others
we cooperate with government and law enforcement officials or private parties to enforce and comply with the law. we may disclose any information about you to government or law enforcement officials or private parties as we, in our sole discretion, believe necessary or appropriate: (i) to respond to claims, legal process (including subpoenas); (ii) to protect our property, rights and safety and the property, rights and safety of a third party or the public in general; and (iii) to stop any activity that we consider illegal, unethical or legally actionable activity.
your choices
we offer you choices regarding the collection, use and sharing of your information and we’ll respect the choices you make. please note that if you decide not to provide us with the information that we request, you may not be able to access all of the features of the services.
opt-out
we may periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote our services. when you receive such promotional communications from us, you will have the opportunity to “opt-out” (either through your account or by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive). we do need to send you certain communications regarding the services and you will not be able to opt out of those communications — e.g., communications regarding updates to our terms of service or this privacy policy.
modifying your information
if you want us to delete the information we have stored about you, please contact us with your request or visit our do not sell preferences area on our website. we’ll take steps to delete your information as soon we can, but some information may remain in archived/backup copies for our records or as otherwise required by law.
responding to do not track signals
our site does not have the capability to respond to “do not track” signals received from various web browsers.
the security of your information
we take reasonable administrative, physical and electronic measures designed to protect the information that we collect from or about you from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. please be aware, however, that no method of transmitting information over the internet or storing information is completely secure. accordingly, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of any information.
links to other sites
our services may contain links to websites and services that are owned or operated by third parties (each, a “third-party service”). any information that you provide on or to a third-party service or that is collected by a third-party service is provided directly to the owner or operator of the third-party service and is subject to the owner’s or operator’s privacy policy. we’re not responsible for the content, privacy or security practices and policies of any third-party service. to protect your information we recommend that you carefully review the privacy policies of all third-party services that you access.
international transfer
your information may be transferred to, and maintained on, computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may not be as protective as those in your jurisdiction. if you’re located outside the united states and choose to provide your information to us, we may transfer your information to the united states and process it there.
our policy toward children
our services are not directed to children under 13 and we do not knowingly collect information from children under 13. if we learn that we have collected information of a child under 13 we will take steps to delete such information from our files as soon as possible.
contact
questions? please contact us if you have any questions about our privacy policy.
technology
solutions
pricing
how it works
safety
about
careers
contact
legal
© copyright 2022 built robotics. all rights reserved. all third-party trademarks are the property of their respective owners and are used for identification purposes only.
newsletter. sign up
trench safety requirements
the robot can be used for trenching depths beyond 60 inches in conjunction with the correct shoring, benching, or other support systems.
pricing coming soon
pricing for this location is not yet available. try a different address nearby, or contact built with your project details for more information.
soil classifications
robot production rates vary based on the soils present when digging. use the table below to select a classification closest to the soils found at the location where the robot will be used.
