home
home
entera
entera
solutionssmart citysafetymanufacturingretailmallseventscovid - 19
solutions
smart city
safety
manufacturing
retail
malls
events
covid - 19
medianewsblogeventsmedia coveragenewsletter signup
media
news
blog
events
media coverage
newsletter signup
resourcesvideos and podcastswhitepapers and solutionscustomer use cases
resources
videos and podcasts
whitepapers and solutions
customer use cases
companyabout usteampartnersawardscareerscontact us
company
about us
team
partners
awards
careers
contact us
more
more
c2ro™ privacy policy
last update: march, 2022.
follow us
c2ro™   |   transforming human behaviour into actionable data
​
c2ro™ is a leading global provider of gdpr-compliant ai-saas video analysis of the human behaviour in the physical space. our proprietary edge-cloud ai and computer vision technologies are uniquely architected to use existing security cameras to deliver industry-leading flexibility, scalability, and accuracy while being fully compliant with the most restrictive data privacy regulations, including the eu’s gdpr.​entera™, c2ro’s flagship product, is the most advanced gdpr-compliant video analytics platform in the world.

entera™ provides comprehensive, accurate, and 100% faceless shopper journey insights, detailed socio-demographic breakdowns, and full-conversion funnel analysis. it enables data-driven decision-making and improves the quality of service, customer experience, and safety by detecting inefficiencies and bottlenecks that impact the roi. entera™ delivers seamless scalability across thousands of locations around the globe, at an ultra-low cost, with up to 10x savings on edge investments.
​
c2ro™ was founded in 2016 and headquartered in montreal, canada, a global hub for artificial intelligence. c2ro™ was named the 2020s most trusted retail technology provider in the world by cio techie magazine. it was also listed two years consecutively in 2020 and 2021 as the most innovative privacy-aware ai-based video analytics solution by corporate vision.

in 2021, c2ro™ was named the official ai video analytics technology provider of telefonica tech, providing innovative video analytics capability to their iot and big data portfolio and always prioritizing consumer data protection.
headquarters
​
55 mont-royal avenue wunit 970montreal, qc
canada,
h2t2s6
info@c2ro.com
a tandemlaunch portfolio company      |     privacy policy     |      contact us     |     translation disclaimer
