ai softwarec3 ai application platformc3 ai studiooverviewvisual studio codejupyterlabapplication canvasdata integrationai application developmentdata operationsdata explorationfeature engineeringmodel developmentmodel governancemodel opsapplication developmentoperationsdeployment optionsc3 ai applicationsc3 ai anti-money launderingc3 ai cash managementc3 ai crmc3 ai customer churn managementc3 ai decision advantagec3 ai energy managementc3 ai esgc3 ai fraud detectionc3 ai intelligence analysisc3 ai inventory optimizationc3 ai manufacturing sustainabilityc3 ai process optimizationc3 ai production schedule optimizationc3 ai property appraisalc3 ai readinessc3 ai reliabilityc3 ai securities lending optimizationc3 ai sensor healthc3 ai smart lendingc3 ai sourcing optimizationc3 ai supply network riskc3 ai turnaround optimizationc3 ai workforce analyticsc3 ai data visionc3 ai crmc3 ai ex machina
c3 ai application platformc3 ai studiooverviewvisual studio codejupyterlabapplication canvasdata integrationai application developmentdata operationsdata explorationfeature engineeringmodel developmentmodel governancemodel opsapplication developmentoperationsdeployment options
c3 ai studiooverviewvisual studio codejupyterlabapplication canvas
overview
visual studio code
jupyterlab
application canvas
data integration
ai application developmentdata operationsdata explorationfeature engineeringmodel developmentmodel governancemodel opsapplication development
data operations
data exploration
feature engineering
model development
model governance
model ops
application development
operations
deployment options
c3 ai applicationsc3 ai anti-money launderingc3 ai cash managementc3 ai crmc3 ai customer churn managementc3 ai decision advantagec3 ai energy managementc3 ai esgc3 ai fraud detectionc3 ai intelligence analysisc3 ai inventory optimizationc3 ai manufacturing sustainabilityc3 ai process optimizationc3 ai production schedule optimizationc3 ai property appraisalc3 ai readinessc3 ai reliabilityc3 ai securities lending optimizationc3 ai sensor healthc3 ai smart lendingc3 ai sourcing optimizationc3 ai supply network riskc3 ai turnaround optimizationc3 ai workforce analytics
c3 ai anti-money laundering
c3 ai cash management
c3 ai crm
c3 ai customer churn management
c3 ai decision advantage
c3 ai energy management
c3 ai esg
c3 ai fraud detection
c3 ai intelligence analysis
c3 ai inventory optimization
c3 ai manufacturing sustainability
c3 ai process optimization
c3 ai production schedule optimization
c3 ai property appraisal
c3 ai readiness
c3 ai reliability
c3 ai securities lending optimization
c3 ai sensor health
c3 ai smart lending
c3 ai sourcing optimization
c3 ai supply network risk
c3 ai turnaround optimization
c3 ai workforce analytics
c3 ai data vision
c3 ai crm
c3 ai ex machina
industriesmanufacturing industryoil & gasutilitiesfinancial servicesgovernmenthealthcare industrytelecommunicationstransportationretail
manufacturing industry
oil & gas
utilities
financial services
government
healthcare industry
telecommunications
transportation
retail
customers
resourceswhat is enterprise aiwhat is enterprise aienterprise ai best practicesenterprise ai buyer’s guide10 core principles of enterprise aiit for enterprise aidevelop ai 26x faster on awsdevelop ai 18x faster on azureenterprise ai resourcesmachine learningintroductionwhat is machine learning?tuning a machine learning modelevaluating model performanceruntimes and compute requirementsselecting the right ai/ml problemsbest practices in prototypingbest practices in ongoing operationsbuilding a strong teamabout the authorreferencesdownload ebookall resourcesglossarydeveloper portal
what is enterprise aiwhat is enterprise aienterprise ai best practicesenterprise ai buyer’s guide10 core principles of enterprise aiit for enterprise aidevelop ai 26x faster on awsdevelop ai 18x faster on azureenterprise ai resources
what is enterprise ai
enterprise ai best practices
enterprise ai buyer’s guide
10 core principles of enterprise ai
it for enterprise ai
develop ai 26x faster on aws
develop ai 18x faster on azure
enterprise ai resources
machine learningintroductionwhat is machine learning?tuning a machine learning modelevaluating model performanceruntimes and compute requirementsselecting the right ai/ml problemsbest practices in prototypingbest practices in ongoing operationsbuilding a strong teamabout the authorreferencesdownload ebook
introduction
what is machine learning?
tuning a machine learning model
evaluating model performance
runtimes and compute requirements
selecting the right ai/ml problems
best practices in prototyping
best practices in ongoing operations
building a strong team
about the author
references
download ebook
all resources
glossary
developer portal
news
companycompanypartnersinvestorscareersleadershipc3.ai dtieventscontact us
company
partners
investors
careers
leadership
c3.ai dti
events
contact us
ai software c3 ai application platform                                        enterprise ai application development platform                                     c3 ai applications                                        enterprise ai applications for high-value use cases                                     c3 ai data vision                                        ai-powered knowledge graph and insight capability                                     c3 ai crm                                        next-generation crm designed for ai/machine learning                                     c3 ai ex machina                                        no-code ai for citizen data scientists
c3 ai application platform
c3 ai applications
c3 ai data vision
c3 ai crm
c3 ai ex machina
industriesmanufacturingoil & gasutilitiesfinancial servicesgovernmenthealthcare industryretailtelecommunicationstransportation
manufacturing
oil & gas
utilities
financial services
government
healthcare industry
retail
telecommunications
transportation
customers
resourceswhat is enterprise aicore principles and best practices of enterprise aipublicationsthought leadership content and product data sheetsmachine learningcore principles and how-to guide on machine learningcustomer viewpointsvideos of industry leaders sharing their experience of using enterprise aic3 ai liveseries of livestream events featuring c3 ai customers and partnersbloginsights and perspectives from c3 ai thought leadersdeveloper portalreview detailed technical documentation, training, and participate in our community forumglossarydefinition of enterprise ai and data science terms
what is enterprise ai
core principles and best practices of enterprise ai
publications
thought leadership content and product data sheets
machine learning
core principles and how-to guide on machine learning
customer viewpoints
videos of industry leaders sharing their experience of using enterprise ai
c3 ai live
series of livestream events featuring c3 ai customers and partners
blog
insights and perspectives from c3 ai thought leaders
developer portal
review detailed technical documentation, training, and participate in our community forum
glossary
definition of enterprise ai and data science terms
news
companycompanyleading provider of enterprise ai softwareleadershipindustry-leading experiencepartnersdriving customer success with industry alliancesc3 ai dtiresearch consortium dedicated to accelerating the benefits of artificial intelligenceinvestorsbuilding a world-class software companyeventsannual user conference, c3 transform, and participation in industry conferencescareersendless inspiration and meaningful workcontact usreach out with a general inquiry
company
leading provider of enterprise ai software
leadership
industry-leading experience
partners
driving customer success with industry alliances
c3 ai dti
research consortium dedicated to accelerating the benefits of artificial intelligence
investors
building a world-class software company
events
annual user conference, c3 transform, and participation in industry conferences
careers
endless inspiration and meaningful work
contact us
reach out with a general inquiry
search
contact us

c3 ai privacy policy
c3 is committed to the protection of the privacy rights of individuals. this privacy policy (“c3 privacy policy”) explains how c3 handles information relating to an identified or identifiable individual (“personal information”) that is provided to c3 or that c3 collects when you visit www.c3.ai (the “site”). more specifically, this privacy policy informs you as to the categories of personal information that we collect or process, why such personal information is processed, how it is used and what rights you have. this privacy policy does not apply to personal information collected on any third-party site or application (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from our websites. we are not responsible for the privacy policies or data collection, use and disclosure practices of those sites. we encourage you to review the privacy policies of each site you visit.
the terms “you,” “your,” and “yours” refer to anyone utilizing the site. the terms “c3,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to c3.ai, inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates. by using the site, you consent to the practices set forth in this privacy policy. we may periodically make changes to this privacy policy that we will include on this page. it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy frequently and remain informed about any changes.
1. how and what personal information is collected
use of the site; cookies. c3 collects personal information that you voluntarily provide us by completing and submitting forms on this site, such as on the “contact us” or “ask an expert” pages on the site. this personal information may include information such as your name, email address, telephone number, company name and size, job title and the reason why you are contacting us. you may also use the site to apply for a job with us, in which case you will provide us personal information relevant to your job application.
the site also automatically collects personal information through the use of cookies or similar technologies to facilitate and enhance your use of the site and track usage patterns.  cookies are commonly used small files that are placed on your device.  for example, we collect information on the pages you have visited, your referring url or ip address, the time of your visit and related session information, your requested page, browser type, usr agent, status of request, number of bytes in the response, and query string.  the cookies that the site uses generally fall under the following categories:
a. essential cookies.   essential cookies facilitate your use and navigation of the site. essential cookies include session cookies, which are temporary cookies that remain in the cookie file of your browser until you close the browser.
b. analytics cookies.  we and our service providers use analytics cookies that collect aggregated and / or anonymous information to analyze the performance of the site and how it is used.  for example, analytics cookies show us which areas of the site are most frequently visited. an example of a third-party analytics cookie is the google analytics cookie.  users may obtain information on how to opt out of google analytics cookies at the following url: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads.
c. third party marketing cookies. these cookies collect information on your activities on the site and other sites to display targeted marketing based on your interests.
some browsers offer a “do not track” (“dnt”) option. because no common industry or legal standard for dnt has been adopted by industry groups, technology companies or regulators, we do not respond to dnt signals. we will make efforts to continue to monitor developments around dnt browser technology and the implementation of a standard. however, you may elect not to accept cookies by changing the designated settings on your web browser. please note that some features of our site may not function without the essential cookies.

2. how information is used
we may use the personal information in one or more of the following ways:
sending information or materials you request
responding to your questions and concerns posted via the site
providing a newsletter or other marketing communications
operating and improving the site
improving our products and services and our marketing efforts
conducting research and analysis
processing and delivering contest entries and rewards
evaluating your job application if you have submitted it through the site
linking or combining your information with other information we may receive from third parties to help better serve you.

3. legal basis for the processing.
we will only process your personal information if we have one of the following legal bases to do so:
a. the processing is necessary to comply with our legal or regulatory obligations, such as tax reporting or regulatory requirements
b. we have obtained your prior consent for processing your personal information for a specific purpose, such as evaluating your job application
c. the processing is necessary for the legitimate interests of c3, which are not overridden by your interests or fundamental rights and freedoms.

4. duration of processing of personal data.
when c3 is processing your personal information pursuant to any of the legal bases set out in section 3 above, c3 will store your personal information only for as long as is required to fulfil the purpose for which it was collected. however, if legal basis b. (consent) applies, c3 will stop processing your personal information upon notification of your withdrawal of consent for such processing.  however, where c3 is required by law to retain your personal information longer or where your personal information is required for c3 to assert or defend against legal claims, c3 will retain your personal information until the end of the relevant retention period or until the claims in question have been settled.

5. sharing and disclosure of information
c3 does not rent or sell your personal information. c3 does not share your personal information with third parties other than agents, contractors, and service providers who support our business and who are bound by contractual obligations to keep your personal information confidential and use it only for the purposes of providing services to us.  however, we may disclose personal information if we believe it is necessary or appropriate under applicable law (i) to comply with any court order, law or legal process, including to respond to any government or regulatory request, (ii) to enforce or apply our terms of use or any other agreements concerning our site or (iii) to protect and defend the rights or property of c3.  c3 may transfer your information to a buyer or other successor in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other disposition of all or any portion of c3’s assets.

6. what are your rights and how can you exercise them?
you may opt out of receiving promotional emails from us by following the instructions in those emails. if you opt out of receiving promotional emails, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about our ongoing business relations (if any).
you have a right to access and to obtain a copy of your personal information processed by c3. if you believe that any of the personal information we hold about you is incorrect or incomplete, you may request that it be corrected.
you also have the right to:
object to the processing of your personal information
request the erasure of your personal information
request restriction of the processing of your personal information, and/or
withdraw your consent where c3 obtained your consent to process personal information.
we will honor such request, withdrawal or objection as required under applicable data protection rules, but you should bear in mind that these rights are not absolute; they do not always apply and may be subject to exceptions.
to exercise your rights, you may send an email to privacy@c3.ai. if you are not satisfied with our response, you have the right to make a complaint to the data protection authority in the jurisdiction where you live or work. the contact details of each data protection authority can be found at the following website: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm.

7. information security
c3 takes seriously the security of your personal information. in order to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction, we implement technical and organizational measures that we consider appropriate in light of the state of the art, the costs of implementation, and the nature, scope, context, and purposes of processing as well as the risk of varying likelihood and severity for the rights and freedoms of natural persons. however, you should be aware that we cannot ensure that your personal information will never be accessed, disclosed, altered, or destroyed in ways not described in this privacy policy. by way of example, third parties may unlawfully intercept or access transmissions or private communications.

8. international transfers
c3 is headquartered in the united states and has operations and service providers in the united states and throughout the world.  as such, we and our service providers may transfer your personal information to, or access it in, jurisdictions that may not provide levels of data protection equivalent to those in your home country.  whenever personal information is transferred out of the eea, the transfer is based on the standard contractual clauses (according to eu commission decision 87/2010/ec or any future replacement) or adherence to the privacy shield (when applicable for transfers to the united states).  regardless of where you live or where you provide information to us, you authorize c3 to use your information worldwide and to export your information to the united states and other countries.

9. children
this site is not intended for or directed to persons under the age of 13.  any person who provides their information to c3 through any part of the site represents to c3 that they are 13 years of age or older.

10. california consumer privacy rights
if you are a california consumer you may have additional rights. see california consumer privacy rights for additional information.

11. questions and concerns
if you have any questions or concerns regarding the way we collect or handle your information, please contact us at privacy@c3.ai.  our physical mailing address is:
c3.ai, inc.1300 seaport boulevard, suite 500redwood city, california 94063
we will take every privacy concern seriously and will assess it in a reasonably timely manner.
last updated on: july 10, 2019
news
contact
privacy policy
terms of use
site map
© 2022 c3.ai, inc. all rights reserved.
this website uses cookies to facilitate and enhance your use of the website and track usage patterns. by continuing to use this website, you agree to our use of cookies as described in our privacy policy.
privacy overview
