about us +quick linksprofilecorporate social responsibilityhow we workblogcareersproductswhy uswork with top 1%ai-driven task monitoringwhy hire capital numbers?best in class office and infrastructurefree trial
profile
corporate social responsibility
how we work
blog
careers
products
work with top 1%
ai-driven task monitoring
why hire capital numbers?
best in class office and infrastructure
free trial
services+browse by servicesweb application developmentcustom software developmentmobile app developmentdedicated development teamsdevopscreative designtesting & qablockchain developmentecommerce applicationoutsourced product developmentchatbot developmententerprise content managementbrowse by rolefor ctosfor cmosfor agencies
web application development
custom software development
mobile app development
dedicated development teams
devops
creative design
testing & qa
blockchain development
ecommerce application
outsourced product development
chatbot development
enterprise content management
for ctos
for cmos
for agencies
skills+backend.netnode.jsphplaravelcodeignitersymfonypythondjangofront-endangularreact.jsvue.jsmean stackmern stacke-commercemagentowoocommerceshopifycmswordpressdrupalmobileiosandroidreact nativehybridflutterionicswiftlow code/no codewebflow
.net
node.js
php
laravel
codeigniter
symfony
python
django
angular
react.js
vue.js
mean stack
mern stack
magento
woocommerce
shopify
wordpress
drupal
ios
android
react native
hybrid
flutter
ionic
swift
webflow
industries +retailfintechhealthtechedtech
retail
fintech
healthtech
edtech
case studies
contact us
privacy notice
this privacy notice for capital numbers infotech private limited (doing business as capital numbers)("capital numbers," "we," "us," or "our"), describes how and why we might collect, store, use, and/or share ("process") your information when you use our services ("services"), such as when you:
visit our website at https://www.capitalnumbers.com, or any website of ours that links to this privacy notice
engage with us in other related ways, including any sales, marketing, or events
questions or concerns? reading this privacy notice will help you understand your privacy rights and choices. if you do not agree with our policies and practices, please do not use our services. if you still have any questions or concerns, please contact us at [email protected].
summary of key points
this summary provides key points from our privacy notice, but you can find out more details about any of these topics by clicking the link following each key point or by using our table of contents below to find the section you are looking for. you can also click here to go directly to our table of contents.
what personal information do we process? when you visit, use, or navigate our services, we may process personal information depending on how you interact with capital numbers and the services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. click here to learn more.
do we process any sensitive personal information? we do not process sensitive personal information.
do you receive any information from third parties? we do not receive any information from third parties.
how do you process my information? we process your information to provide, improve, and administer our services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. we may also process your information for other purposes with your consent. we process your information only when we have a valid legal reason to do so. click here to learn more.
in what situations and with which parties do we share personal information? we may share information in specific situations and with specific third parties. click here to learn more.
how do we keep your information safe? we have organizational and technical processes and procedures in place to protect your personal information. however, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. click here to learn more.
what are your rights? depending on where you are located geographically, the applicable privacy law may mean you have certain rights regarding your personal information. click here to learn more.
how do i exercise my rights? the easiest way to exercise your rights is by filling out our data subject request form available here, or by contacting us. we will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
want to learn more about what capital numbers does with any information we collect? click here to review the notice in full.
table of contents
what information do we collect?
how do we process your information?
what legal bases do we rely on to process your personal information?
when and with whom do we share your personal information?
do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?
is your information transferred internationally?
how long do we keep your information?
how do we keep your information safe?
do we collect information from minors?
what are your privacy rights?
controls for do-not-track features
do california residents have specific privacy rights?
do we make updates to this notice?
how can you contact us about this notice?
how can you review, update, or delete the data we collect from you?
1. what information do we collect?
in short: we collect personal information that you provide to us.
we collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when you participate in activities on the services, or otherwise when you contact us.
personal information provided by you. the personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the services, the choices you make, and the products and features you use. the personal information we collect may include the following:
names
phone numbers
email addresses
billing addresses
ip address
browsing history
mailing addresses
job titles
sensitive information. we do not process sensitive information.
all personal information that you provide to us must be true, complete, and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to such personal information.
in short: some information — such as your internet protocol (ip) address and/or browser and device characteristics — is collected automatically when you visit our services.
we automatically collect certain information when you visit, use, or navigate the services. this information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your ip address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring urls, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our services, and other technical information. this information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
like many businesses, we also collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
the information we collect includes: log and usage data. log and usage data is service-related, diagnostic, usage, and performance information our servers automatically collect when you access or use our services and which we record in log files. depending on how you interact with us, this log data may include your ip address, device information, browser type, and settings and information about your activity in the services (such as the date/time stamps associated with your usage, pages and files viewed, searches, and other actions you take such as which features you use), device event information (such as system activity, error reports (sometimes called "crash dumps"), and hardware settings).
device data. we collect device data such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device you use to access the services. depending on the device used, this device data may include information such as your ip address (or proxy server), device and application identification numbers, location, browser type, hardware model, internet service provider and/or mobile carrier, operating system, and system configuration information.
location data. we collect location data such as information about your device's location, which can be either precise or imprecise. how much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the services. for example, we may use gps and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us your current location (based on your ip address). you can opt out of allowing us to collect this information either by refusing access to the information or by disabling your location setting on your device. however, if you choose to opt out, you may not be able to use certain aspects of the services.
2. how do we process your information?
in short: we process your information to provide, improve, and administer our services, communicate with you, for security and fraud prevention, and to comply with law. we may also process your information for other purposes with your consent.
we process your personal information for a variety of reasons, depending on how you interact with our services, including:
to deliver and facilitate delivery of services to the user. we may process your information to provide you with the requested service.to respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. we may process your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the requested service.
to fulfill and manage your orders. we may process your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns, and exchanges made through the services.
to request feedback. we may process your information when necessary to request feedback and to contact you about your use of our services.
to send you marketing and promotional communications. we may process the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. you can opt out of our marketing emails at any time. for more information, see " what are your privacy rights?" below).
to deliver targeted advertising to you. we may process your information to develop and display personalized content and advertising tailored to your interests, location, and more.
to determine the effectiveness of our marketing and promotional campaigns. we may process your information to better understand how to provide marketing and promotional campaigns that are most relevant to you.
to save or protect an individual's vital interest. we may process your information when necessary to save or protect an individual’s vital interest, such as to prevent harm.
3. what legal bases do we rely on to process your information?
in short: we only process your personal information when we believe it is necessary and we have a valid legal reason (i.e., legal basis) to do so under applicable law, like with your consent, to comply with laws, to provide you with services to enter into or fulfill our contractual obligations, to protect your rights, or to fulfill our legitimate business interests.
if you are located in the eu or uk, this section applies to you.
the general data protection regulation (gdpr) and uk gdpr require us to explain the valid legal bases we rely on in order to process your personal information. as such, we may rely on the following legal bases to process your personal information:
consent. we may process your information if you have given us permission (i.e., consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose. you can withdraw your consent at any time. click here to learn more.
performance of a contract. we may process your personal information when we believe it is necessary to fulfill our contractual obligations to you, including providing our services or at your request prior to entering into a contract with you.
legitimate interests. we may process your information when we believe it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests and those interests do not outweigh your interests and fundamental rights and freedoms. for example, we may process your personal information for some of the purposes described in order to:
send users information about special offers and discounts on our products and services
develop and display personalized and relevant advertising content for our users
support our marketing activities
understand how our users use our products and services so we can improve user experience
legal obligations. we may process your information where we believe it is necessary for compliance with our legal obligations, such as to cooperate with a law enforcement body or regulatory agency, exercise or defend our legal rights, or disclose your information as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
vital interests. we may process your information where we believe it is necessary to protect your vital interests or the vital interests of a third party, such as situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person.
we may process your information if you have given us specific permission (i.e., express consent) to use your personal information for a specific purpose, or in situations where your permission can be inferred (i.e., implied consent). you can withdraw your consent at any time. click here to learn more.
in some exceptional cases, we may be legally permitted under applicable law to process your information without your consent, including, for example:
if collection is clearly in the interests of an individual and consent cannot be obtained in a timely way
for investigations and fraud detection and prevention
for business transactions provided certain conditions are met
if it is contained in a witness statement and the collection is necessary to assess, process, or settle an insurance claim
for identifying injured, ill, or deceased persons and communicating with next of kin
if we have reasonable grounds to believe an individual has been, is, or may be victim of financial abuse
if it is reasonable to expect collection and use with consent would compromise the availability or the accuracy of the information and the collection is reasonable for purposes related to investigating a breach of an agreement or a contravention of the laws of canada or a province
if disclosure is required to comply with a subpoena, warrant, court order, or rules of the court relating to the production of records if it was produced by an individual in the course of their employment, business, or profession and the collection is consistent with the purposes for which the information was produced
if the collection is solely for journalistic, artistic, or literary purposes
if the information is publicly available and is specified by the regulations
4. when and with whom do we share your personal information?
in short: we may share information in specific situations described in this section and/or with the followingthird parties.
wemay need to share your personal information in the following situations:
business transfers. we may share or transfer your information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
affiliates. we may share your information with our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this privacy notice. affiliates include our parent company and any subsidiaries, joint venture partners, or other companies that we control or that are under common control with us.
business partners. we may share your information with our business partners to offer you certain products, services, or promotions.
5. do we use cookies and other tracking technologies?
we may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (like web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. specific information about how we use such technologies and how you can refuse certain cookies is set out in our cookie notice.
6. is your information transferred internationally?
in short: we may transfer, store, and process your information in countries other than your own.
our servers are located inthe united states, india, and australia. if you are accessing our services from outsidethe united states,india, and australia, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed by us in our facilities and by those third parties with whom we may share your personal information (see "when and with whom do we share your personal information?" above), in the united states, india, australia, and other countries.
if you are a resident in the european economic area (eea) or united kingdom (uk), then these countries may not necessarily have data protection laws or other similar laws as comprehensive as those in your country. however, we will take all necessary measures to protect your personal information in accordance with this privacy notice and applicable law.
european commission's standard contractual clauses:
we have implemented measures to protect your personal information, including by using the european commission's standard contractual clauses for transfers of personal information between our group companies and between us and our third-party providers. these clauses require all recipients to protect all personal information that they process originating from the eea or uk in accordance with european data protection laws and regulations. our standard contractual clauses can be provided upon request. we have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our third-party service providers and partners and further details can be provided upon request.
7. how long do we keep your information?
in short: we keep your information for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes outlined in this privacy notice unless otherwise required by law.
we will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy notice, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting, or other legal requirements). no purpose in this notice will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 2 years.
when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize such information, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
8. how do we keep your information safe?
in short: we aim to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
we have implemented appropriate and reasonable technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. however, despite our safeguards and efforts to secure your information, no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technology can be guaranteed to be 100% secure, so we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals, or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and improperly collect, access, steal, or modify your information. although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our services is at your own risk. you should only access the services within a secure environment.
9. do we collect information from minors?
in short: we do not knowingly collect data from or market to children under 18 years of age.
we do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. by using the services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the services. if we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. if you become aware of any data we may have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at [email protected].
10. what are your privacy rights?
in short: in some regions, such asthe european economic area (eea), united kingdom (uk), and canada, you have rights that allow you greater access to and control over your personal information. you may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.
in some regions (like the eea, uk, and canada), you have certain rights under applicable data protection laws. these may include the right (i) to request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) to request rectification or erasure; (iii) to restrict the processing of your personal information; and (iv) if applicable, to data portability. in certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal information. you can make such a request by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section “how can you contact us about this notice?” below.
we will consider and act upon any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
if you are located in the eea or uk and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. you can find their contact details here: https://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
if you are located in switzerland, the contact details for the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.
withdrawing your consent: if we are relying on your consent to process your personal information,which may be express and/or implied consent depending on the applicable law,you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. you can withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us by using the contact details provided in the section "how can you contact us about this notice?" below.
however, please note that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before its withdrawal, norwhen applicable law allows,will it affect the processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
opting out of marketing and promotional communications: you can unsubscribe from our marketing and promotional communications at any time byclicking on the unsubscribe link in the emails that we send,replying “stop” or “unsubscribe” to the sms messages that we send,or by contacting us using the details provided in the section "how can you contact us about this notice?" below. you will then be removed from the marketing lists. however, we may still communicate with you — for example, to send you service-related messages that are necessary for the administration and use of your account, to respond to service requests, or for other non-marketing purposes.
cookies and similar technologies: most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can usually choose to set your browser to remove cookies and to reject cookies. if you choose to remove cookies or reject cookies, this could affect certain features or services of our services.
if you have questions or comments about your privacy rights, you may email us at [email protected].
11. controls for do-not-track features
most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a do-not-track ("dnt") feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. at this stage no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing dnt signals has been finalized. as such, we do not currently respond to dnt browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. if a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy notice.
12. do california residents have specific privacy rights?
in short: yes, if you are a resident of california, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
california civil code section 1798.83, also known as the "shine the light" law, permits our users who are california residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. if you are a california resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
if you are under 18 years of age, reside in california, and have a registered account with services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the services. to request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in california. we will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from all our systems (e.g., backups, etc.).
the california code of regulations defines a "resident" as:
(1) every individual who is in the state of california for other than a temporary or transitory purpose and
(2) every individual who is domiciled in the state of california who is outside the state of california for a temporary or transitory purpose
all other individuals are defined as "non-residents."
if this definition of "resident" applies to you, we must adhere to certain rights and obligations regarding your personal information.
we have collected the following categories of personal information in the past twelve (12) months:
we may also collect other personal information outside of these categories instances where you interact with us in person, online, or by phone or mail in the context of:
receiving help through our customer support channels;
participation in customer surveys or contests; and
facilitation in the delivery of our services and to respond to your inquiries.
you may contact us by email at [email protected],or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document.
if you are using an authorized agent to exercise your right to opt out we may deny a request if the authorized agent does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf.
we may disclose your personal information with our service providers pursuant to a written contract between us and each service provider. each service provider is a for-profit entity that processes the information on our behalf.
we may use your personal information for our own business purposes, such as for undertaking internal research for technological development and demonstration. this is not considered to be "selling" of your personal information.
capital numbers infotech private limited has not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. capital numbers infotech private limited will not sell personal information in the future belonging to website visitors, users, and other consumers.
capital numbers infotech private limited has not disclosed or sold any personal information to third parties for a business or commercial purpose in the preceding twelve (12) months. capital numbers infotech private limited will not sell personal information in the future belonging to website visitors, users, and other consumers.
right to request deletion of the data — request to delete
you can ask for the deletion of your personal information. if you ask us to delete your personal information, we will respect your request and delete your personal information, subject to certain exceptions provided by law, such as (but not limited to) the exercise by another consumer of his or her right to free speech, our compliance requirements resulting from a legal obligation, or any processing that may be required to protect against illegal activities.
right to be informed — request to know
depending on the circumstances, you have a right to know:
whether we collect and use your personal information;
the purposes for which the collected personal information is used;
whether we sell your personal information to third parties;
the categories of personal information that we sold or disclosed for a business purpose;
the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was sold or disclosed for a business purpose; and the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information.
in accordance with applicable law, we are not obligated to provide or delete consumer information that is de-identified in response to a consumer request or to re-identify individual data to verify a consumer request.
right to non-discrimination for the exercise of a consumer’s privacy rights
we will not discriminate against you if you exercise your privacy rights.
verification process
upon receiving your request, we will need to verify your identity to determine you are the same person about whom we have the information in our system. these verification efforts require us to ask you to provide information so that we can match it with information you have previously provided us. for instance, depending on the type of request you submit, we may ask you to provide certain information so that we can match the information you provide with the information we already have on file, or we may contact you through a communication method (e.g., phone or email) that you have previously provided to us. we may also use other verification methods as the circumstances dictate.
we will only use personal information provided in your request to verify your identity or authority to make the request. to the extent possible, we will avoid requesting additional information from you for the purposes of verification. however, if we cannot verify your identity from the information already maintained by us, we may request that you provide additional information for the purposes of verifying your identity and for security or fraud-prevention purposes. we will delete such additionally provided information as soon as we finish verifying you.
other privacy rights
you may object to the processing of your personal information.
you may request correction of your personal data if it is incorrect or no longer relevant, or ask to restrict the processing of the information.
you can designate an authorized agent to make a request under the ccpa on your behalf. we may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been validly authorized to act on your behalf in accordance with the ccpa.
you may request to opt out from future selling of your personal information to third parties. upon receiving an opt-out request, we will act upon the request as soon as feasibly possible, but no later than fifteen (15) days from the date of the request submission.
to exercise these rights, you can contact us by email at [email protected],or by referring to the contact details at the bottom of this document. if you have a complaint about how we handle your data, we would like to hear from you.
13. do we make updates to this notice?
in short: yes, we will update this notice as necessary to stay compliant with relevant laws.
we may update this privacy notice from time to time. the updated version will be indicated by an updated "revised" date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. if we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. we encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
14. how can you contact us about this notice?
if you have questions or comments about this notice, you may contact our data protection officer (dpo), mukul gupta, by email at [email protected], by phone at 9831946501, or by post to:
capital numbers infotech private limitedmukul guptaab 65, prafullkanan, keshtopurkolkata, west bengal 700101india
15. how can you review, update, or delete the data we collect from you?
based on the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request access to the personal information we collect from you, change that information, or delete it in some circumstances.
capital numbers - a leading offshore it outsourcing company offers custom web, mobile app & software development services all over the globe. also, we allocate dedicated expert teams to help agencies and businesses scale their development, design & digital marketing capabilities.
software development services
web application development
mobile app development
custom software development
e-commerce application
enterprise content management
outsourced product development
chatbot development
testing & qa
devops
dedicated development teams
hire developers
hire php developers
hire laravel developers
hire codeigniter developers
hire symfony developers
hire python developers
hire django developers
hire node.js developers
hire .net developers
hire angular developers
hire react.js developers
hire vue.js developers
hire mean stack developers
hire mern stack developers
hire frontend developers
hire wordpress developers
hire drupal developers
hire magento developers
hire woocommerce developers
hire shopify developers
hire ios developers
hire android developers
hire react native developers
hire hybrid developers
hire flutter developers
hire ionic developers
hire swift developers
hire backend developers
hire designers
our locations
india headquarters
mani casadona, unit no 8e4, new town, kolkata 700156, west bengal, india
+91-33-6799-2222
usa
548 market st san francisco,ca 94104
+1 (619) 331-2970
australia
44 palmerston cres, beerwahqld 4519
+61 1300 790 242
other useful links
referral program
contact us
blog
careers
terms and condition
privacy policy
cookie policy
disclaimer
copyright © 2012 - 2022 capital numbers infotech pvt ltd. all rights reserved.
cin: u72200wb2012ptc183599
this website collects cookies to deliver a better user experience. read cookie and privacy policyaccept
start here
pick a date & time of your choice.
no obligation. cancel anytime.
