privacy policyversion number：v1.0 date of update: jun 15,2021
this privacy policy set forth the terms for the collection, processing, use, retention and disclosure of information related to individuals(“user”) cloudmile inc. (“cloudmile”, “we” “us,” or “our”) to provide products and services and this website (https://www.mile.cloud/, hereinafter referred to as “site”) collecting, processing, use, retention, and disclosure of user information of the site.this privacy policy applies to the site and the products and services provided by cloudmile. however, if you are using the services provided by google or other third-party cloud service providers (the “third party”), the privacy policy disclosed by the third party shall govern your use. you understand and agree to comply with the privacy policy as disclosed by such third party.to protect your rights and interests, please read this privacy policy carefully before browsing the site of cloudmile or using the services. if you disagree to part or whole of this privacy policy, please cease using of the site and cloudmile services. by your continued browsing or using the services of cloudmile, you shall be deemed to have consented to this privacy policy.
personal datapersonal data shall refer to information that can be used to identify individual, such as name, username, password, address, email address, phone number and other non-public information (the “personal data”). we collect personal data for the provision of better services to the users.the users may be required to provide personal data, including but not limited to when the users visit our site and other activities, services, features or resources to which we link. however, the users may visit the site anonymously. we collect personal data only when the users voluntarily provide it to us. however, if the user refuses to provide personal data, the users may not be able to access the related activities of the particular site.
personal data shall refer to information that can be used to identify individual, such as name, username, password, address, email address, phone number and other non-public information (the “personal data”). we collect personal data for the provision of better services to the users.the users may be required to provide personal data, including but not limited to when the users visit our site and other activities, services, features or resources to which we link. however, the users may visit the site anonymously. we collect personal data only when the users voluntarily provide it to us. however, if the user refuses to provide personal data, the users may not be able to access the related activities of the particular site.
non-personal datawe may collect non-personally identifiable data from the users in the course of their interactions on the site. non-personal data refers to data that is not identifiable to the users, including but not limited to the username on the browser, the type of computer and technical information which the user link to the site, such as operating system and the internet service providers, and other similar information.
we may collect non-personally identifiable data from the users in the course of their interactions on the site. non-personal data refers to data that is not identifiable to the users, including but not limited to the username on the browser, the type of computer and technical information which the user link to the site, such as operating system and the internet service providers, and other similar information.
cookiesspecific data may be collected, such as ip addresses, device information, including but not limited to browser type, crashes or unexpectedly exit logs, system activity, and other server login information. the site may use cookies to improve users’ experiences. the user's web browser will store cookies on the hard drive to record web browsing history and sometimes tracke using information. users can choose to turn off cookies or set the browser to alert you when cookies are set. however, please note that when the web browser is set to reject cookies, parts of the functions on the site may not work smoothly.
specific data may be collected, such as ip addresses, device information, including but not limited to browser type, crashes or unexpectedly exit logs, system activity, and other server login information. the site may use cookies to improve users’ experiences. the user's web browser will store cookies on the hard drive to record web browsing history and sometimes tracke using information. users can choose to turn off cookies or set the browser to alert you when cookies are set. however, please note that when the web browser is set to reject cookies, parts of the functions on the site may not work smoothly.
how do we process and use of your personal data?cloudmile may transmit or use the users' personal data by e-mail, phone or other reasonable means within a specified territories and time period compliant with the following specific purposes:time period：the date on which the user requests to cease using personal data or the service of cloudmile terminates.area: any places where the user is authorized to use or where cloudmile sets the business entity.recipient: the company will share personal data with cloudmile and its subsidiaries and branches which are under control or subordinate relation with cloudmile.to communicate with the userswe will make the response to the users through the contact information provided by the user when the users submit any questions or comments on the site.to personalize the users experience we may integrate uses’ information to understand how our users use the services and resources provided by our site.to send e-newsletters or marketing campaigns to subscribersif users subscribe our newsletter on the site, we will send subscribers the company-related information via email, such as cloudmile news, latest events, updates, and related product or service information. details of how to unsubscribe the e-newsletter are described in the email. users can unsubscribe at any time. upon receipt of the un-subscription request from user, we will immediately remove his/her email from our mailing list and cease sending further emails to such user.to manage special events on the siteif users participate in activities such as lottery, contest, questionnaire interview, promotion or other related activities on the site, we will use the information provided by you to manage or carry out such activities in accordance with the rules of such activities.
cloudmile may transmit or use the users' personal data by e-mail, phone or other reasonable means within a specified territories and time period compliant with the following specific purposes:
time period：the date on which the user requests to cease using personal data or the service of cloudmile terminates.
time period：the date on which the user requests to cease using personal data or the service of cloudmile terminates.
area: any places where the user is authorized to use or where cloudmile sets the business entity.
area: any places where the user is authorized to use or where cloudmile sets the business entity.
recipient: the company will share personal data with cloudmile and its subsidiaries and branches which are under control or subordinate relation with cloudmile.
recipient: the company will share personal data with cloudmile and its subsidiaries and branches which are under control or subordinate relation with cloudmile.
to communicate with the userswe will make the response to the users through the contact information provided by the user when the users submit any questions or comments on the site.
to communicate with the users
we will make the response to the users through the contact information provided by the user when the users submit any questions or comments on the site.
to personalize the users experience we may integrate uses’ information to understand how our users use the services and resources provided by our site.
to personalize the users experience
we may integrate uses’ information to understand how our users use the services and resources provided by our site.
to send e-newsletters or marketing campaigns to subscribersif users subscribe our newsletter on the site, we will send subscribers the company-related information via email, such as cloudmile news, latest events, updates, and related product or service information. details of how to unsubscribe the e-newsletter are described in the email. users can unsubscribe at any time. upon receipt of the un-subscription request from user, we will immediately remove his/her email from our mailing list and cease sending further emails to such user.
to send e-newsletters or marketing campaigns to subscribers
if users subscribe our newsletter on the site, we will send subscribers the company-related information via email, such as cloudmile news, latest events, updates, and related product or service information. details of how to unsubscribe the e-newsletter are described in the email. users can unsubscribe at any time. upon receipt of the un-subscription request from user, we will immediately remove his/her email from our mailing list and cease sending further emails to such user.
to manage special events on the siteif users participate in activities such as lottery, contest, questionnaire interview, promotion or other related activities on the site, we will use the information provided by you to manage or carry out such activities in accordance with the rules of such activities.
to manage special events on the site
if users participate in activities such as lottery, contest, questionnaire interview, promotion or other related activities on the site, we will use the information provided by you to manage or carry out such activities in accordance with the rules of such activities.
how do we protect your information?we endeavor to provide users with a secure environment and adopt appropriate information protection, storage and processing mechanisms and information security measures to avoid unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal data, trading information and information processed and stored on our site.
we endeavor to provide users with a secure environment and adopt appropriate information protection, storage and processing mechanisms and information security measures to avoid unauthorized access, alteration, disclosure or destruction of your personal data, trading information and information processed and stored on our site.
sharing and disclosure of personal datawe will not disclose your personal data to third parties without your consent.the services of third parties may be engaged to assist us in operation of our business and site or to administer activities, such as sending e-newsletters or surveys. we may share your personal data with such third parties for the purposes set forth above. cloudmile may share general and consolidated statistical information with our business partners, trusted affiliates or advertisers for the purposes set forth above. such statistical information is not linked to the personal data of any users or visitors.
we will not disclose your personal data to third parties without your consent.
the services of third parties may be engaged to assist us in operation of our business and site or to administer activities, such as sending e-newsletters or surveys. we may share your personal data with such third parties for the purposes set forth above.
cloudmile may share general and consolidated statistical information with our business partners, trusted affiliates or advertisers for the purposes set forth above. such statistical information is not linked to the personal data of any users or visitors.
advertisingour sites may contain ads from the third party advertisers, which will deliver to users who have set cookies. these cookies allow advertisers’ server to identify your computer each time when sending an online advertisement to you and to compile non-personal data about you or whoever use your computer. this information allows advertisers to deliver targeted ads that they believe will be of interest to you. the privacy policy shall not govern use of cookies or any action of such advertisers.
our sites may contain ads from the third party advertisers, which will deliver to users who have set cookies. these cookies allow advertisers’ server to identify your computer each time when sending an online advertisement to you and to compile non-personal data about you or whoever use your computer. this information allows advertisers to deliver targeted ads that they believe will be of interest to you. the privacy policy shall not govern use of cookies or any action of such advertisers.
third-party websiteour site may contain links to the website, products and services of the third party.  our products and services may use or provide the third-party products and services. this privacy policy shall not apply to the third party websites, but we encourage the users to review the privacy policies of such third-party sites.
our site may contain links to the website, products and services of the third party.  our products and services may use or provide the third-party products and services. this privacy policy shall not apply to the third party websites, but we encourage the users to review the privacy policies of such third-party sites.
privacy policy updatedwe will regularly review our privacy policy. this privacy policy will be revised at any time and from time to time. we will update the modification version of this privacy policy on the site and post changes of the related information. users are encouraged to check this site regularly. you shall understand and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy on a regular basis.
we will regularly review our privacy policy. this privacy policy will be revised at any time and from time to time. we will update the modification version of this privacy policy on the site and post changes of the related information. users are encouraged to check this site regularly. you shall understand and agree that it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy on a regular basis.
online privacy policy onlythis privacy policy shall only apply to data collected through the site, excluding offline data collection.
this privacy policy shall only apply to data collected through the site, excluding offline data collection.
your rightswe respect the personal data you provide. you may exercise the following rights over your own personal data offered by you by contacting cloudmile customer service at [email protected]:enquiries or requests to review your personal data.request a copy of the personal data provided to you. request to supplement or correct your personal data. request to cease the collection, processing or use of your personal data. request to delete your personal data.
we respect the personal data you provide. you may exercise the following rights over your own personal data offered by you by contacting cloudmile customer service at [email protected]:
enquiries or requests to review your personal data.
request a copy of the personal data provided to you.
request to supplement or correct your personal data.
request to cease the collection, processing or use of your personal data.
request to delete your personal data.
privacy warrantsin order to ensure the security of your information and the implementation of our privacy policy, we will inform our employees of this policy, practices and management controls.
in order to ensure the security of your information and the implementation of our privacy policy, we will inform our employees of this policy, practices and management controls.
contact usif you have any questions about this privacy policy, transmission of information or the operation of this site, please contact us through the following pages:https://www.mile.cloud/[email protected]
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, transmission of information or the operation of this site, please contact us through the following pages:
contact us
contact us
(sg) +65-6993-2383
(my) +603-2280-6902
(ph) +639209823591
(hk) +852-3481-0068
(tw) +886-2-2757-6077
[email protected]
privacy
information security policy
no problem. we can help you!just call one of our sales agents with the phone number below.singapore office：+65-6993-2383malaysia office：+603-2280-6902hong kong office：+852-3481-0068taiwan office：+886-2-2757-6077
