user data
change password
zenon activation
file upload
mycatalog
contact
career
partner
blog
forum
deutsch
italiano
français
español
português
polski
svenska
한국어
productstechnologythe platformzenon software platformdesigned to make your life easierfocus areasdata acquisitiondata managementvisualization and controlanalytics and reportingapplication engineering and maintenanceselected highlightsmtp suiteplug & producezenon service gridsimplify your iiot projectsstratonembedded soft plc
the platformzenon software platformdesigned to make your life easier
zenon software platformdesigned to make your life easier
focus areasdata acquisitiondata managementvisualization and controlanalytics and reportingapplication engineering and maintenance
data acquisition
data management
visualization and control
analytics and reporting
application engineering and maintenance
selected highlightsmtp suiteplug & producezenon service gridsimplify your iiot projectsstratonembedded soft plc
mtp suiteplug & produce
zenon service gridsimplify your iiot projects
stratonembedded soft plc
industriessolutionskey industriesenergy & infrastructureautomotivefood & beveragelife sciences & pharmaceuticalprocess industrymachine buildingdiscrete manufacturingsmart factory / industrial iotsmart city / smart buildingsselected highlightsmtp/ plug & produceautomated engineeringenergy data managementgovernment
key industriesenergy & infrastructureautomotivefood & beveragelife sciences & pharmaceuticalprocess industrymachine buildingdiscrete manufacturingsmart factory / industrial iotsmart city / smart buildings
energy & infrastructure
automotive
food & beverage
life sciences & pharmaceutical
process industry
machine building
discrete manufacturing
smart factory / industrial iot
smart city / smart buildings
selected highlightsmtp/ plug & produceautomated engineeringenergy data managementgovernment
mtp/ plug & produce
automated engineering
energy data management
government
supportservices & trainingtechnical supportfind a solution to your problemstep by step to the solutioncontact supportask our expertsforumthe place to talk about zenontrainingtraining & certificationimprove zenon skillszenon tutorial videoszenon 10video: update online trainingservicesservice level agreementbenefit from premium supportzenon driver listmultilingual and communicativeprofessional services
technical supportfind a solution to your problemstep by step to the solutioncontact supportask our expertsforumthe place to talk about zenon
find a solution to your problemstep by step to the solution
contact supportask our experts
forumthe place to talk about zenon
trainingtraining & certificationimprove zenon skillszenon tutorial videoszenon 10video: update online training
training & certificationimprove zenon skills
zenon tutorial videos
zenon 10video: update online training
servicesservice level agreementbenefit from premium supportzenon driver listmultilingual and communicativeprofessional services
service level agreementbenefit from premium support
zenon driver listmultilingual and communicative
professional services
newseventsnewsroomsocial mediasuccess storiesblognewsletterseventsvideos
newsroomsocial mediasuccess stories
newsroom
social media
success stories
blognewsletters
blog
newsletters
eventsvideos
events
videos
downloadssoftwareproduct downloadssoftwarelogin and authorization requireddocumentationabout the productbrochuressuccess storiesfact sheetsother downloadscustomer magazinepartner spotlightsinfographicsresearch project abstractsmycatalogpersonal information package - logged in users only
product downloadssoftwarelogin and authorization requireddocumentation
softwarelogin and authorization required
documentation

about the productbrochuressuccess storiesfact sheets
brochures
success stories
fact sheets
other downloadscustomer magazinepartner spotlightsinfographicsresearch project abstractsmycatalogpersonal information package - logged in users only
customer magazine
partner spotlights
infographics
research project abstracts
mycatalogpersonal information package - logged in users only
companycopa-data groupabout uspartner communitystrategic partnershipsour customerscareercustomer magazine
about uspartner community
about us
partner community
strategic partnershipsour customers
strategic partnerships
our customers
careercustomer magazine
career
customer magazine
contact
career
partner
blog
forum
deutsch
italiano
français
español
português
polski
svenska
한국어
user data
change password
zenon activation
file upload
mycatalog
contact page
home
privacy & cookies
privacy statement

we (ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh) observe all relevant data protection requirements (austrian data protection laws, european data protection directives and every other applicable privacy right). with this privacy statement we would like to inform you as our customer about the type, extent and purpose of the collection and use of personal data. you can revoke this statement at any time by sending an informal note to privacy@copadata.com.

data processing officer statement
who is the responsible entity for data processing?
ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh karolingerstr. 7b  5020 salzburg austria +43 (0) 662 43 10 02-0 office@copadata.com www.copadata.com

collection and use of personal data
we will store and use your data to process the contractual relationship and also for marketing purposes.
your

first name, last name, e-mail address, company, address, zip code, city, country, phone number and optional:
title, job title, cell phone, direct line, fax, website will be collected in different forms during the following interactions:
web registration
registration for one or several copa-data newsletters
protected download (one-time download)
various forms to request documents, feedback, registration for special services etc.
and may be passed on to affiliated and cooperating or other companies, if appropriate. data are transferred for the sole purpose of assuring quality and improving the services we offer to you.

use of data for promotional purposes
we will also use our stored information to occasionally inform you about product innovations, new developments, promotions and events. you may decide at any time to no longer receive such information by sending an informal notice to privacy@copadata.com.

right of information
you will retain control over all personal data you make available to us. if you wish to change your data stored with us or if you no longer want to receive notices, you can let us know at any time by sending an informal notice to privacy@copadata.com. you can also check or request the deletion of data we have stored about you at any time.

voluntary consent and revocation of voluntary consent
you can object to the use or transmission of your data for the purpose of promotion, market or opinion research at any time. if you disagree, please let us know immediately so that we can continue to safely store your data.
you can send an informal notice to privacy@copadata.com at any time and revoke your consent to the use or storage of data.

statement to which companies will receive data for which purposes
data will be provided to affiliated and other companies for the condition of fulfilling the contractual purpose and for promotional purposes (e.g.: telemarketing campaigns of external agencies, partners, and social media companies such as twitter and facebook). the relevant affiliated companies are listed on the following pages:
contact page
copa-data partner community

technical data flow
data will be processed on our servers located in europe.

applicable data privacy law
data is treated pursuant to the austrian data privacy act that is presently valid. the current data privacy act is available at http://www.ris.bka.gv.at/geltendefassung.wxe?abfrage=bundesnormen&gesetzesnummer=10001597
registered data applications
our dvr number: 0565059
you can use this number to view the data applications we have registered at the following link: https://dvr.dsb.gv.at/at.gv.bka.dvr.public/eingangsbildschirm.aspx

which departments/individuals are responsible for ensuring privacy/data security?
privacy@copadata.com
responsible for information about purpose and body ordering data processing 	responsible for revocation of consent to use and transfer data
for information
responsible for complaints and suspected violations of privacy

statutory complaints office
geschäftsstelle der datenschutzkommission
barichgasse 40 – 42
1030 vienna
austria
phone: +43 1 531 15 / 202525
fax: +43 1 531 15 / 202690
e-mail: dsb@dsb.gv.at
google analytics

this website uses google analytics, a web analysis service of the google inc. (hereafter referred to as google). google analytics uses so-called cookies, which are text files that are saved on your computer and enable an analysis of the usage of the website.

cookies generate information about the usage of this website (inclusive your ip-address), transfer it to a server of google in the usa. the information will be saved on the server in the usa and google will use this information to analyze the usage of the website. furthermore, google will create reports of the activities on the website for the website operator and render further services.

if it is regulated by law, or if third parties are processing data at the behest of google, google will provide the collected information to third parties. your ip-address won’t be connected to other data from google. to avoid the installation of cookies, make certain preparations within your browser software. thereby it may be that you can’t use all functions of the ing punzenberger copa-data website. by using this website, you declare your agreement to processing your data by google in the described manner and intention.

ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh expressly states that this website makes use of google analytics, a web analysis service from google inc. (hereinafter referred to as google“). in doing so, google analytics uses cookies, which are text files that make it possible to analyze web use. a cookie is saved on the user’s computer when accessing the ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh website. ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh expressly states that google can save and evaluate cookies in the sense of user information for the ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh website via a server of google in the usa. furthermore, google will forward information gained in this manner to third parties as part of existing legal agreements or, if need be due to legal obligations, insofar as this is legally necessary and required of google.

ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh expressly states that the installation of cookies can be restricted by means of the appropriate setting on the browser software, however this may lead to limited website functionality.

ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh declares, with reference to the above-mentioned warning, that it is excluded from and disclaims any liability in relation to the installation, use or forwarding of these cookies.

ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh refers to the provisions of the respective e-commerce act (austrian federal law that regulates certain legal aspects of electronic business and legal regulations), in particular sections 13 to 18 of the e-commerce act. this exclusion of liability applies in particular if google should relate the user’s ip address with other data from google, whereby we expressly point out that ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh has neither access to nor any influence on google data.

by accessing the ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh website, the user also declares that they agree to the exclusion of liability. furthermore, the user declares that, by using the website, they agree to the saving and processing of data obtained by google within the limits of legal provisions and for the intended purpose.

this website uses google adwords
this website uses the google adwords remarketing service to advertise on third party websites (including google) to previous visitors to our site. it could mean that we advertise to previous visitors who haven’t completed a task on our site, for example using the contact form to make an enquiry. this could be in the form of an advertisement on the google search results page, or a site in the google display network. third-party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on someone’s past visits to the www.copadata.com website. of course, any data collected will be used in accordance with our own privacy policy and google’s privacy policy.

you can set preferences for how google advertises to you using the google ad preferences page, and if you want to you can opt out of interest-based advertising entirely by cookie settings or permanently using a browser plugin.
cookie policy for copa-data websites

what are cookies
as is common practice with almost all professional websites this site uses cookies, which are tiny files that are downloaded to your computer, to improve your experience. this page describes what information they gather, how we use it and why we sometimes need to store these cookies. we will also share how you can prevent these cookies from being stored however this may downgrade or 'break' certain elements of the sites functionality.
for more general information on cookies see the wikipedia article on http cookies.

how we use cookies
we use cookies for a variety of reasons detailed below. unfortunately, in most cases, there are no industry standard options for disabling cookies without completely disabling the functionality and features they add to this site. it is recommended that you leave on all cookies if you are not sure whether you need them or not in case they are used to provide a service that you use.

disabling cookies
you can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser help for how to do this). be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of this site. therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies. in case you want to permanently disable all cookies opt out directly. (clicking this link will not result in a confirmation message but you will be permanently opting out of any tracking cookies on this website. deleting the copadata.com optout cookie in your browser settings will re-activate cookie setting permission.)

the cookies we set
if you create an account with us, then we will use cookies for the management of the signup process and general administration. these cookies will usually be deleted when you log out however in some cases they may remain afterwards to remember your site preferences when logged out.
we use cookies when you are logged in so that we can remember this fact. this prevents you from having to log in every single time you visit a new page. these cookies are typically removed or cleared when you log out to ensure that you can only access restricted features and areas when logged in. when you submit data to through a form such as those found on contact pages or comment forms cookies may be set to remember your user details for future correspondence.
we currently use the following first party cookies

cookie
function
service life
variable for saml to determine whereto forward the user

our third-party services currently use the following third party cookies among others
more information on the use of cookies for google analytics can be found on the following websites: cookies & google analytics and safeguarding your google analytics data.

kdt

other third party cookies
in some special cases we also use cookies provided by trusted third parties. the following section details which third party cookies you might encounter through this site.

this site uses google analytics which is one of the most widespread and trusted analytics solution on the web for helping us to understand how you use the site and ways that we can improve your experience. these cookies may track things such as how long you spend on the site and the pages that you visit so we can continue to produce engaging content.

we use adverts to offset the costs of running this site and provide funding for further development. the behavioral advertising cookies used by this site are designed to ensure that we provide you with the most relevant adverts where possible by anonymously tracking your interests and presenting similar things that may be of interest.

we also use social media buttons and/or plugins on this site that allow you to connect with your social network in various ways. for these to work the following social media sites including; linkedin, issuu, facebook, twitter, xing, youtube, will set cookies through our site which may be used to enhance your profile on their site or contribute to the data they hold for various purposes outlined in their respective privacy policies.

we use products of lead forensics for marketing and optimization purposes. these products collect and process your personal data and use it to create usage profiles under a pseudonym. these usage profiles are fully anonymized where possible and appropriate. lead forensics employs cookies and/or web beacons (also known as tracking pixels) on this web site. we transfer the data we collect about you, which may also include personal data, to lead forensics and lead forensics gathers this data directly. lead forensics is entitled to use information that you leave behind by visiting our web sites to create anonymized usage profiles. the data collected shall not be used to personally identify visitors to this web site without the express permission of the party affected and shall not be merged with personal data about the bearer of the pseudonym. any ip addresses recorded are anonymized immediately by deleting the last number block. permission to collect and store data in the future may be revoked at any time.

we cooperate with the aumago gmbh, a provider of web analytics and audiences marketing. aumago uses cookies, a text file that is stored in the browser of the computer and generate anonymous information about the usage of the browser. from these data, user profiles can be created under a pseudonym. it will not collect personal information. as far as ip addresses are collected, they are anonymously stored by deleting the last number block. ip addresses won’t be merged with the cookies. the cookies are aumago cookies or cookies from service providers, which aumago uses. the user can always delete cookies directly in their browser. aumago uses this information to evaluate the use of the website and for online advertising (oba). aumago gmbh is using third party software and cookies and states its usage as follows:
this website works with piwik, an open-source-software for statistical analysis of website visitors. piwik uses cookies. cookies are small text files that are stored in the browser of a user. the cookies are used to analyze the usage of the website. the cookie data is collected, processed and stored on servers in germany in order to create pseudonymous user profiles. the data includes the name of the visited website, file, date and time of retrieval, amount of data transferred, notification of successful retrieval, browser type and version, the user's operating system, referrer url (previously visited website), ip address and the requesting internet service provider. the ip address is personally identifiable information. after being processed in order to detect the company name behind the ip address, the ip address is pseudonymized (masking) by deleting the last number block and not further merged with other cookies or data. users can prevent the use of cookies in their browser settings or by clicking the following opt-out link.
this website uses google doubleclick (floodlights) cookies. doubleclick is a service of google inc., 1600 amphitheater parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa. cookies are small text files that are stored in the browser of a user. the cookies are used to analyze the usage of the website. the data collected will be used only for statistical purposes and in anonymous form. your browser will be assigned a pseudonymous identification number (id). all data is recorded anonymously so that no conclusion can be drawn about specific persons. users can prevent the use of cookies by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under this link. alternatively, the user can disable the doubleclick cookies on the digital advertising website under the following link.

hubspot
our website uses hubspot®, a marketing automation software from hubspot inc., cambridge, ma 02141, usa. hubspot helps us to analyze the use of our website. hubspot uses cookies for this purpose. in concrete terms, for example, when contacting, downloading an ebook, registering for an event or submitting another hubspot-integrated form, your activities on this website will be assigned to a cookie, subject to consent, and will allow for a more in-depth analysis of website usage (e. g. visited pages, date of the calls, completed forms, downloaded documents). based on some forms, we also email requested digital resources (e.g. ebooks). in this way, we can tailor the user experience on the website and the external communication even better to the needs of our visitors.

we use hubspot to provide you with information and offers tailored to your needs. accordingly, we have a legitimate interest as defined by art. 6 (1) (f) gdpr to process this data. the legal basis for the processing of your personal data by us in connection with the use of hubspot is art. 6 (1) (f) gdpr. when using hubspot, we store your personal data as long as necessary to provide you with information and offers tailored to your needs.

appropriate protection of your personal information is provided by hubspot's involvement in and compliance with the eu-us privacy shield agreement. for complete information on how hubspot handles the data collected and how to protect it, please refer to the hubspot privacy policy. an overview about hubspot cookies can also be found here. you can change, request, or ask for the deletion of this data at any time; e. g. by contacting us via our privacy e-mail listed above in this statement. you can also prevent the storage of cookies by activating the corresponding setting of your browser software at any time and/or delete the cookies already stored. beside of that you can also click the following hubspot opt-out link.

hotjar
our website uses hotjar, an analytics software from hotjar ltd. („hotjar“) (http://www.hotjar.com, level 2, st julian’s business centre, 3, elia zammit street, st julian’s stj 1000, malta, europe). with hotjar it is possible to measure and evaluate the usage behavior (clicks, mouse movements, scroll heights, etc.) on our website. we use hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's ip address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. neither hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. for further details, please see hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link. you can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.

facebook remarketing / retargeting
on our website there are remarketing-tags of the social network facebook, 1601 south california avenue, palo alto, ca 94304, usa installed. if you’re visiting our page a direct connection between your browser and the facebook server will be set up. through that facebook gets the information that you’ve visited our website. facebook can add the information that you’ve visited our website, to your personal user profile within their network. the collected information is used for adverts we do on facebook. we point out, that we as the webpage operator, do not know about the content of transferred data and the way facebook uses this data. more information on that you’ll get in the privacy statement of facebook: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy.

in case you are logged in to facebook, facebook can relate your visit on our website directly to your facebook-account. if you interact with the remarketing-tags (plug-ins), like pressing the “like-button” or leaving a comment, this information is also directly transmitted to one of the facebook server and will be stored there.

if you don’t wish that facebook can relate the collected data from your visit of our website with your facebook account, you should log out from facebook before entering our website.

twitter remarketing / retargeting
on our website there are remarketing-tags of the short message service twitter inc., 795 folsom st., suite 600, san francisco, ca 94107, usa installed. if you’re visiting our page a direct connection between your browser and the twitter server will be set up. through that twitter gets the information that you’ve visited our website. twitter can add the information that you’ve visited our website to your personal user profile within their network. the collected information is used for adverts we do on twitter. we point out, that we as the webpage operator, do not know about the content of transferred data and the way twitter uses this data. more information on that you’ll get in the privacy statement of twitter: https://twitter.com/privacy.

linkedin remarketing / retargeting
on our website there are remarketing-tags of the social network linkedin ireland unlimited company, wilton plaza, wilton place, dublin 2, irland installed. if you’re visiting our page a direct connection between your browser and the linkedin server will be set up. through that linkedin gets the information that you’ve visited our website. linkedin can add the information that you’ve visited our website to your personal user profile within their network. the collected information is used for adverts we do on linkedin. we point out, that we as the webpage operator, do not know about the content of transferred data and the way linkedin uses this data. more information on that you’ll get in the privacy statement of linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.

thinglink:
a tool to create interactive images, videos & 360° media (used for e.g. embedded interactive agendas or images): https://www.thinglink.com/cookies

vidyard:
a online video platform tool for business (use for embedded videos): https://www.vidyard.com/cookies/

sopro:
used as tool for marketing campaigns in the uk: prospect global ltd (trading as sopro) reg. uk co. 09648733. you can contact sopro and view their privacy policy here: http://sopro.io.  sopro are registered with the ico reg: za346877 their data protection officer can be emailed at: dpo@sopro.io.
management of cookies / objection
in your browser menu, you can find setting options for the use of cookies. settings and use of third party cookies need to be managed by the user itself. a browser usually has the following setting options:
view cookies,
allow cookies,
deactivate all or specific cookies,
deactivate all cookies when closing the browser,
block cookies,
messages when cookies are to be set and
objection to tracking analysis

for the following browsers, you can find the instructions for deactivating cookies on the manufacturers’ websites. if you block our cookies in your browser, you may not be able to us some of areas of our website.
firefox
edge
internet explorer
chrome (windows) / chrome (mac) / chrome for ios / chrome for android
safari
safari (ios)

more information
hopefully that has clarified things for you and as was previously mentioned if there is something that you aren't sure whether you need or not it's usually safer to leave cookies enabled in case it does interact with one of the features you use on our site. however, if you are still looking for more information than you can contact us through one of your preferred contact methods.
privacy policy for event-management-platform "hubs101"

hubs101 is an event management platform & digital conference environment from liveware gmbh, reichenberger str. 124, 10245 berlin, which is used by all event participants as a mobile application or web app (application for the browser). in addition to the presentation and implementation of the conference program, the hubs101 app is also used to disseminate important information during the event (e.g. program changes) and to network the participants with one another (e.g. with the help of a chat function, video one2ones, etc.). after registering for the conference, the names and e-mail addresses are transferred to hubs101 to ensure that only those registered have the required access to the digital event environment. after entering this data in hubs101, you will receive a notification asking you to log in and complete your user profile. you then have the option of individually defining your personal settings in the digital event environment. in your profile you can enter further data (e.g. organization, social media profiles or interests in networking with other participants) and make settings which information can be seen by all participants in the event. the legal basis for the data processing of event participants in the event app is art. 6 para. 1 lit. b gdpr. the data processing takes place exclusively in european data centers. the data will be deleted 12 months after the end of the event. hubs101 gmbh processes data from event participants on our behalf, which is why we have concluded an order processing contract with the company in accordance with art. 28 gdpr. further information on data processing in connection with the use of the hubs101 event management platform can be found in the data protection information of liveware gmbh.

privacy policy for mobile applications

this privacy policy governs your use of the software application “notifier app by zenon”  (“application”) for mobile devices that was created by ing. punzenberger copa- data gmbh (“copa-data”). the application is used to connect to react to "message control" messages provided by the engineered project run by the „zenon runtime” (a hmi/scada application).
what information does the application obtain and how is it used?

user provided information: the application obtains the information you provide when creating or modifying a new  connection profile within the application. this application can only be used in connection with  the the „zenon runtime” (a hmi/scada application) to the application.

automatically collected information: the application may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the  type of mobile device you use, your mobile devices unique device id, the ip address of your  mobile device and your mobile operating system.
does the application collect precise real time location information of the device?
this application does not collect precise information about the location of your mobile device.
do third parties see and/or have access to information obtained by the application?
third parties do not see or have access to information obtained by the application.
what are my opt-out rights?
you can stop all collection of information by the application easily by uninstalling the  application. you may use the standard uninstall processes as may be available as part of your  mobile device or via the mobile application marketplace or network.
data retention policy, managing your information
the application only stores connection settings (user name, password, server address …)  necessary for communication with the server. you can delete the connection profiles manually  within the application or by uninstalling the application itself. copa-data is not responsible for the policies regarding persistent data and records  management which is collected through user input within the app and stored by the zenon  runtime runs since this is an on-premises installation of the customer.

children we do not use the application to knowingly solicit data from or market to children under the age  of 13. if a parent or guardian becomes aware that his or her child has provided us with  information without their consent, he or she should contact us at sales@copadata.com.

security we are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. we provide  encrypted communications between the server and the application. copa-data is not  responsible for the physical, electronic, and procedural safeguarding of the computer the  everywhere server or the zenon runtime runs since this is an on-premises installation of the  customer.

changes this privacy policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. we will notify you of any  changes to our privacy policy by posting the new privacy policy. you are advised to consult this  privacy policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.

your consent by using the application, you are consenting to our processing of your information as set forth in  this privacy policy now and as amended by us. "processing,” means using cookies on a  computer/hand held device or using or touching information in any way, including, but not  limited to, collecting, storing, deleting, using, combining and disclosing information, all of which  activities will take place in the united states. if you reside outside the united states your  information will be transferred, processed and stored there under united states privacy standards.

contact us
if you have any questions regarding privacy while using the application, or have questions about  our practices, please contact us via email at sales@copadata.com.

explore more
top downloads
information unlimited magazine - vol. 29 (5.6 mb)
standardization-based automatic engineering (183 kb)
zenon energy edition (4.7 mb)
zenon for pharmaceutical (2.6 mb)
request download
login (user login; top right of page) with your web user or complete this form to download.
with my continued input, i agree to copa-data's privacy statement. *
request download
thank you for your request. in a few moments you will receive an email containing your download link.
recently visited sites
productszenon software platformzenon analyzerzenon supervisorzenon logicstratonour software solutions
zenon software platform
zenon analyzer
zenon supervisor
zenon logic
straton
our software solutions
industriesautomotiveenergy & infrastructurefood & beveragepharmaceuticalmachine building with zenonmtp modular productioncross-industryautomated engineeringenms / iso 50001smart factory / iiotzenon for smart citiescustomers
automotive
energy & infrastructure
food & beverage
pharmaceutical
machine building with zenon
mtp modular production
cross-industry
automated engineering
enms / iso 50001
smart factory / iiot
zenon for smart cities
customers
supportknowledge base / faqforumzenon tutorial videoszenon driver informationrelease and support cyclesservice level agreementprofessional servicesdocumentation zenondocumentation zenon analyzersystem information collectorcontact supportzenon training & certification
knowledge base / faq
forum
zenon tutorial videos
zenon driver information
release and support cycles
service level agreement
professional services
documentation zenon
documentation zenon analyzer
system information collector
contact support
zenon training & certification
newsnewsroomblogeventssuccess storiesvideosnewsletterssocial media
newsroom
blog
events
success stories
videos
newsletters
social media
downloadsfact sheetsbrochurescustomer magazineinfographicspartner spotlightsresearch projects
fact sheets
brochures
customer magazine
infographics
partner spotlights
research projects
companyfounding principlesvision & missionmanagementlocationscareer at copa-data
founding principles
vision & mission
management
locations
career at copa-data
© ing. punzenberger copa-data gmbh
terms & conditions
imprint
sitemap
privacy & cookies
