privacy policy
your privacy is important to us. it is covariant's policy to respect your privacy regarding any information we may collect from you across our website, covariant.ai.
we only ask for personal information when we truly need it to provide a service to you. we collect it by fair and lawful means, with your knowledge and consent. we also let you know why we’re collecting it and how it will be used.
what information is collected
we collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when expressing an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when participating in activities on the services or otherwise contacting us.
the personal information that we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the services, the choices you make and the products and features you use.
we automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or navigate the services. this information does not reveal your specific identity (like your name or contact information) but may include device and usage information, such as your ip address, browser and device characteristics, operating system, language preferences, referring urls, device name, country, location, information about how and when you use our services and other technical information. this information is primarily needed to maintain the security and operation of our services, and for our internal analytics and reporting purposes.
we collect device's geolocation; cookie identifiers, or others such as the ones used for analytics and marketing; tools and protocols, such as ip (internet protocol) addresses; applications; devices; and other similar data.
how your information is used
we use personal information collected via our services for a variety of business purposes described below. we process your personal information for these purposes in reliance on our legitimate business interests, in order to enter into or perform a contract with you, with your consent, and/or for compliance with our legal obligations. we use the information we collect or receive:
to send you marketing and promotional communications. we and/or our third party marketing partners may use the personal information you send to us for our marketing purposes, if this is in accordance with your marketing preferences. you can opt-out of our marketing emails at any time.
to respond to user inquiries/offer support to users. we may use your information to respond to your inquiries and solve any potential issues you might have with the use of our services.
how long information is kept
we will only keep your personal information for as long as it is necessary for the purposes set out in this privacy policy, unless a longer retention period is required or permitted by law (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). no purpose in this policy will require us keeping your personal information for longer than 1 year.
when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it, or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
how we keep your information secure
we have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of any personal information we process. however, please also remember that we cannot guarantee that the internet itself is 100% secure. although we will do our best to protect your personal information, transmission of personal information to and from our services is at your own risk. you should only access the services within a secure environment.
information from minors
we do not knowingly solicit data from or market to children under 18 years of age. by using the services, you represent that you are at least 18 or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and consent to such minor dependent’s use of the services. if we learn that personal information from users less than 18 years of age has been collected, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable measures to promptly delete such data from our records. if you become aware of any data we have collected from children under age 18, please contact us at info@covariant.ai .
your privacy rights
you may review, change, or terminate your account at any time.if you are resident in the european economic area and you believe we are unlawfully processing your personal information, you also have the right to complain to your local data protection supervisory authority. you can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/data-protection/bodies/authorities/index_en.htm.
data breach
a privacy breach occurs when there is unauthorized access to or collection, use, disclosure or disposal of personal information. you will be notified about data breaches when covariant believes you are likely to be at risk or serious harm. for example, a data breach may be likely to result in serious financial harm or harm to your mental or physical well-being. in the event that covariant becomes aware of a security breach which has resulted or may result in unauthorized access, use or disclosure of personal information covariant will promptly investigate the matter and notify the applicable supervisory authority not later than 72 hours after having become aware of it, unless the personal data breach is unlikely to result in a risk to the rights and freedoms of natural persons.
controls for do-not-track features
most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include a do-not-track (“dnt”) feature or setting you can activate to signal your privacy preference not to have data about your online browsing activities monitored and collected. no uniform technology standard for recognizing and implementing dnt signals has been finalized. as such, we do not currently respond to dnt browser signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice not to be tracked online. if a standard for online tracking is adopted that we must follow in the future, we will inform you about that practice in a revised version of this privacy policy.
the rights of california residents
california civil code section 1798.83, also known as the “shine the light” law, permits our users who are california residents to request and obtain from us, once a year and free of charge, information about categories of personal information (if any) we disclosed to third parties for direct marketing purposes and the names and addresses of all third parties with which we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. if you are a california resident and would like to make such a request, please submit your request in writing to us using the contact information provided below.
if you are under 18 years of age, reside in california, and have a registered account with the services, you have the right to request removal of unwanted data that you publicly post on the services. to request removal of such data, please contact us using the contact information provided below, and include the email address associated with your account and a statement that you reside in california. we will make sure the data is not publicly displayed on the services, but please be aware that the data may not be completely or comprehensively removed from our systems.
policy updates
we may update this privacy policy from time to time. the updated version will be indicated by an updated “revised” date and the updated version will be effective as soon as it is accessible. if we make material changes to this privacy policy, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by directly sending you a notification. we encourage you to review this privacy policy frequently to be informed of how we are protecting your information.
questions?
if you have questions or comments about this policy, you may email us at info@covariant.ai.
