contact
callback
career
login
englishdeutschбългарски中國českýnederlandsenglishsuomifrançaismagyaritaliano한국의polskiportuguêsromânăpусскийhrvatskiespañoltürkελληνικά                        show all csb locations around the world
deutsch
български
中國
český
nederlands
english
suomi
français
magyar
italiano
한국의
polski
português
română
pусский
hrvatski
español
türk
ελληνικά
show all csb locations around the world
show all csb locations around the world
home
softwarethe right erp solution for your requirementsgo to overviewcsb basic erpthe turnkey industry solutioncsb factory erpthe industry-specific solution for production facilitiescsb industry erpthe tailored all-inclusive solutionhardwareautomationconsulting & services
the right erp solution for your requirementsgo to overview
the right erp solution for your requirements
csb basic erpthe turnkey industry solution
csb factory erpthe industry-specific solution for production facilities
csb industry erpthe tailored all-inclusive solution
hardware
automation
consulting & services
industriesthe right software for your industrygo to overviewfood & beveragesgo to overviewbread and bakery productsdelicatessenfishbeveragesdairy productsfruit & vegetablesconfectionerymeatgo to overviewmeat productionpoultry productionbeef productionpork productiontrade & logisticschemicalspharmaceuticalcosmetics
the right software for your industrygo to overview
the right software for your industry
food & beveragesgo to overviewbread and bakery productsdelicatessenfishbeveragesdairy productsfruit & vegetablesconfectionery
go to overview
bread and bakery products
delicatessen
fish
beverages
dairy products
fruit & vegetables
confectionery
meatgo to overviewmeat productionpoultry productionbeef productionpork production
go to overview
meat production
poultry production
beef production
pork production
trade & logistics
chemicals
pharmaceutical
cosmetics
stories
about csbprogrammed for your successgo to overviewcsb group of companiescsb managementhistory of csbawards and certificatescareers
programmed for your successgo to overview
programmed for your success
csb group of companies
csb management
history of csb
awards and certificates
careers
knowledgeexpert knowledge for your businessgo to overviewknowledge hubeventsvideosfocus topicsblogtraining
expert knowledge for your businessgo to overview
expert knowledge for your business
knowledge hub
events
videos
focus topics
blog
training
privacy statement
we are pleased that you are visiting this homepage and would like to thank you for your interest in the offered services. the trust you have placed in us is very important for us and commits us to handle your data carefully and protect them against misuse.
we want you to feel safe and comfortable when you visit our website. therefore, we take the protection of your personal data and their confidential handling very seriously. thus we act in accordance with applicable legislation concerning the protection of personal data and data security.
the use of the websites of the company csb system se (in short: “csb”) shall be possible in general without providing personal data. provided that a data subject intends to use particular services of our company via our website, the processing of personal data could become necessary. if the processing of personal data is necessary and there is no legal basis for such processing, we will generally obtain the consent of the data subject.
the processing of personal data, such as name, address, e-mail address or telephone number of a data subject shall always comply with the general data protection regulation and the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to csb. with this privacy statement our company wishes to inform the public about the kind, scope and purpose of the personal data collected, used and processed by us. moreover, data subjects shall be informed by this privacy statement about the rights given to them.
csb, as the controller responsible for the processing, has implemented numerous technical and organizational measures to assure most effectively the protection of the processed personal data. nevertheless, web-based data transfers might be subject to security holes, which means that absolute protection cannot be assured.
1. definitions
the privacy statement of csb is based on the notions used by the european directive and regulation legislator for the adoption of the general data protection regulation (gdpr). our privacy statement should be legible and understandable for the general public, as well as our customers and business partners. to ensure this, we would like to first explain the terminology used.
in this privacy statement, we use, inter alia, the following terms:
a)    personal data
personal data means all information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (hereinafter referred to as “data subject”). an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier, such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.
b)    data subject
data subject is any identified or identifiable natural person, whose personal data is processed by the controller.
c)    processing
processing means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organization, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, deletion or destruction.
d)    restriction of processing
restriction of processing is the marking of stored personal data with the aim of limiting their processing in the future.
e)    profiling
profiling means any form of automated processing of personal data consisting of the use of personal data to evaluate certain personal aspects relating to a natural person, in particular to analyze or predict aspects concerning that natural person’s performance at work, economic situation, health, personal preferences, interests, reliability, behavior, location or movements.
f)     pseudonymization
pseudonymization is the processing of personal data in such a manner that the personal data can no longer be attributed to a specific data subject without the use of additional information, provided that such additional information is kept separately and is subject to technical organizational measures to ensure that the personal data are not attributed to an identified or identifiable natural person.
g)    controller or controller responsible for the processing
controller or controller responsible for the processing is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data; where the purposes and means of such processing are determined by union or member state law, the controller or the specific criteria for its nomination may be provided for by union or member state law.
h)    processor
processor is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller.
i)      recipient
recipient is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body, to which personal data are disclosed, whether a third party or not. however, public authorities which may receive personal data in the framework of a particular inquiry in accordance with union or member state law shall not be regarded as recipients.
j)      third party
third party is a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorized to process personal data.
k)    consent
consent of the data subject is any freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous indication of the data subject’s wishes by which he or she, by a statement or by a clear affirmative action, signifies agreement to the processing of personal data relating to him or her.
2. name and address of the controller responsible for processing
controller for the purposes of the general data protection regulation, other data protection laws applicable in member states of the european union and other provisions related to data protection is:
csb system se
represented by the board,
which is represented by the chairman dr. peter schimitzek
an fürthenrode 9 – 15 52511 geilenkirchen germany tel.: +49 2451 6250 e-mail: info@csb.com
3. name and address of the data protection officer
the data protection officer of the controller responsible for processing is:
axel mostert c/o csb system se an fürthenrode 9 - 15 52511 geilenkirchen datenschutz@csb.com germany
every data subject may directly contact our data protection officer at any time in the case of queries and suggestions.
4. cookies
the websites of csb use cookies. cookies are text files that are stored in a computer system via an internet browser.
many websites and servers use cookies. many cookies contain a so-called cookie id. a cookie id is a unique identifier of the cookie. it consists of a character string through which websites and servers can be assigned to the specific internet browser in which the cookie was stored. this allows accessed websites and servers to differentiate the individual browser of the data subject from other internet browsers that contain other cookies. a specific internet browser can be recognized and identified using the unique cookie id.
through the use of cookies csb can provide the users with more user-friendly services that would not be possible without the cookie setting.
by means of a cookie, the information and offers on our website can be optimized with the user in mind. cookies allow us, as previously mentioned, to recognize our website users. the purpose of this recognition is to make it easier for users to utilize our website. the user of a website that uses cookies, e.g. does not have to enter access data each time the website is accessed, because this is taken over by the website, and the cookie is thus stored on the user’s computer system.
the data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. furthermore, cookies already set may be deleted at any time via an internet browser or other software programs. this is possible in all popular internet browsers. if the data subject disables the setting of cookies in the internet browser used, it can happen that not all functions of our website can be used to the full extent.
5. collection of general data and information (log files) when using the website
the website of csb collects a series of general data and information when a data subject or automated system calls up the website. these general data and information are stored in the server log files. the following data may be collected
(1)  the browser types and versions used,
(2)  the operating system used by the accessing system,
(3)  the website from which an accessing system reaches our website (so-called referrers),
(4)  the sub-websites, which are driven via an accessing system on our website,
(5)  the date and time of access to the website,
(6)  an internet protocol address (ip address),
(7)  the internet service provider of the accessing system,
(8)  data and information used in the event of attacks on our information technology systems.
when using these general data and information csb does not draw any conclusions about the data subject. rather, this information is needed to
(1) deliver the content of our website correctly,
(2) optimize the content of our website, as well as carry out advertising and marketing campaigns,
(3) ensure the long-term viability of our information technology systems and website technology, as well as
(4) provide law enforcement authorities with the information necessary for criminal prosecution in the case of a cyber attack.
therefore, csb analyzes anonymously collected data and information statistically, with the aim of increasing the data protection and data security of our enterprise, and to ensure an optimal level of protection for the personal data we process. the anonymous data of the server log files are stored separately from all personal data provided by a data subject.
6. registration on our website, use of contractual services and career portal
you may register in our website by providing personal data and use the services of csb. the respective input mask used for the registration and in the framework of rendering the services determines the personal data transferred to us.
the personal data entered by the data subject shall be exclusively collected and stored for rendering the contractual services, for advertising and marketing campaigns, as well as for the internal use by the controller responsible for processing and internal purposes. we can initiate the disclosure to one or several processors who will also use the personal data exclusively for internal use to be assigned to us.
furthermore, by registration in our website
(1)  the ip address of the data subject assigned by the internet service provider (isp)
(2)  the date, as well as
(3)  the time of registration is stored.
these data are stored on the basis that this is the only way to prevent the misuse of our services, and these data enable the investigation of committed crimes, if necessary. in this respect the storage of these data is necessary for protecting the controller responsible for the processing. as a general rule, these data shall not be disclosed to a third party, unless there is a legal obligation to do so or the disclosure is for prosecution purposes.
the registration of the data subject by the voluntary indication of personal data is for offering the data subject contents or services which may only be offered to registered users due to the nature of things. registered users shall be free to amend personal data entered into with the registration or have these entirely deleted from our data stock at any time.
csb shall use any personal data transmitted in the context of an application exclusively for processing the application for the job posting. the data will only be made available to the persons involved in the application process. all employees in charge of data processing are bound to keep the data confidential. the data will be deleted six months after conclusion of the application process, unless the applicant has agreed in written form that csb can keep the data for a potential later contact.
at any time upon request we will inform every data subject about the personal data of the data subject that have been stored. moreover, we will correct or delete personal data and applicant profiles upon request or information by the data subject, provided that legal retention obligation does not object.
7. subscription of our newsletter
in our website users are given the opportunity to subscribe to our company newsletter. the input mask used for this determines the personal data to be transferred to the controller responsible for processing when the newsletter is ordered. in the context of the registration process the consent of the user for processing the data is obtained and reference is made to this privacy statement.
csb shall inform customers and business partners on a regular basis by means of a newsletter about company offers. as a general rule, data subjects can only receive the company newsletter if
(1) the data subject has a valid e-mail address and
(2) the data subject registers for the newsletter dispatch.
due to legal reasons a one-time confirmation mail will be sent to the data subject’s e-mail address entered for the newsletter dispatch by double opt-in process. this confirmation e-mail shall be for verification that the owner of the e-mail address, as data subject, has authorized the receipt of the newsletter.
along with the registration to the newsletter we also store
(1)  the ip address of the data subject on the computer system used at the time of log-in, which were given by the internet service provider (isp), as well as
(2)  the date and
(3)  time of registration.
the collection of these data is necessary to track the (potential) misuse of the data subject’s e-mail address at a later time and shall be for legal protection of the controller responsible for processing.
the personal data collected in line with the newsletter registration shall be used for sending our newsletter and to carry out advertising and marketing campaigns. furthermore, subscribers to the newsletter can be informed by e-mail, provided that this is necessary for operating the newsletter service or a registration in this respect. this might be the case if the newsletter offer or technical conditions are changed.
the data subject may cancel the newsletter subscription at any time. the consent to the storage of personal data granted by the data subject for sending the newsletter can be revoked at any time. to revoke the consent a corresponding link is incorporated in every newsletter. moreover, there is the possibility to unsubscribe from the newsletter directly in the website of the controller responsible for processing or inform the controller responsible for processing otherwise.
8. blog
in the context of our blog registered users can enter comments or other posts. here, your ip address will be stored for seven days. this is for our protection if anyone enters comments or posts of unlawful content (insults, illegal political propaganda, etc.)
the subsequent comments can be subscribed to by the users with their consent. users will receive a confirmation e-mail to verify that they are the owner of the entered e-mail address. users may unsubscribe to ongoing comment subscriptions at any time. the confirmation e-mail will contain information on revocation possibilities.
9. contact possibilities via the website
due to legal provisions the website of csb contains information enabling quick electronic contact to our enterprise, as well as direct communication with us. this also includes a general address of the so-called electronic mail (e-mail address). if a data subject contacts us by e-mail or via a contact form, the personal data transmitted by the data subject are automatically stored. such personal data transmitted on a voluntary basis by a data subject to the controller responsible for processing are stored for the purpose of processing the inquiry or contacting the data subject, as well as for carrying out advertising or marketing campaigns.
10. routine deletion and blocking of personal data
we process and store the personal data of the data subject only for the period necessary to achieve the purpose of storage, or as far as this is granted by the european directive and regulation legislator or other legislators in laws or regulations to which the controller responsible for processing is subject to.
if the storage purpose is not applicable, or if a storage period prescribed by the european directive and regulation legislator or another competent legislator expires, the personal data are routinely blocked or deleted in accordance with legal requirements.
11. rights of the data subject
a)    right to confirmation
each data subject shall have the right granted by the european directive and regulation legislator to obtain from the controller responsible for processing the confirmation whether or not personal data concerning him or her are being processed. if a data subject wishes to avail himself or herself of this right of confirmation, he or she may, at any time, contact any staff member or the controller responsible for processing.
b)    right of access
each data subject affected by the processing of personal data shall have the right granted by the european directive and regulation legislator to obtain at any time and free of charge from the controller responsible for processing information about his or her personal data stored and a copy of this information. furthermore, the european directive and regulation legislator has granted the data subject access to the following information:
the purposes of processing
the categories of personal data processed
the recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data have been or will be disclosed, in particular recipients in third countries or international organizations
where possible, the envisaged period for which the personal data will be stored, or, if not possible, the criteria used to determine that period
the existence of the right to request the controller for rectification or deletion of personal data, or restriction of processing of personal data concerning the data subject, or to object to such processing
the existence of the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
where the personal data are not collected from the data subject: any available information as to their source
the existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, referred to in article 22(1) and (4) gdpr and - at least in those cases - meaningful information about the logic involved, as well as the significance and envisaged consequences of such processing for the data subject
furthermore, the data subject shall have a right to obtain information as to whether personal data were transferred to a third country or to an international organization. where this is the case, the data subject shall have the right to be informed of the appropriate safeguards relating to the transfer.
if a data subject wishes to avail himself or herself of this right of access, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller responsible for processing.
c)    right to rectification
each data subject shall have the right granted by the european directive and regulation legislator to obtain without undue delay the rectification of inaccurate personal data concerning him or her. taking into account the purposes of the processing, the data subject shall have the right to have incomplete personal data completed, including by providing a supplementary statement.
if a data subject wishes to avail himself or herself of this right of rectification, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller responsible for processing.
d)    right to deletion (“right to be forgotten”)
each data subject shall have the right granted by the european directive and regulation legislator to obtain from the controller the deletion of personal data concerning him or her without undue delay, where one of the following grounds applies, insofar as the processing is not necessary:
the personal data are no longer necessary in relation to the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
the data subject withdraws consent to which the processing is based according to article 6(1) lit. a gdpr, or article 9(2) lit. a gdpr, and where there is no other legal ground for the processing.
the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to article 21(1) gdpr and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or the data subject objects to the processing pursuant to article 21(2) gdpr.
the personal data have been unlawfully processed.
the personal data must be erased for compliance with a legal obligation in union or member state law to which the controller is subject.
the personal data have been collected in relation to the services offered by the information society referred to in article 8(1) gdpr.
if one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the deletion of personal data stored by csb, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller responsible for processing. the csb employee shall promptly ensure that the deletion request is complied with immediately.
where csb has made personal data public and our enterprise, as controller, is obliged pursuant to article 17(1) gdpr to delete the personal data, csb, in consideration of available technology and the cost of implementation, shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, to inform other data controllers processing the personal data that the data subject has requested the deletion by such controllers of any links to, or copy or replication of, those personal data, as far as processing is not required. the csb employee will arrange the necessary measures on a case-by-case basis.
the right to deletion shall not exist when processing is necessary
(1)       for exercising the right of free expression and information;
(2)       for compliance with a legal obligation requiring processing according to union or member state law the controller is subject to or for the performance of a task in the public interest or for exercising official authority to which the controller was delegated;
(3)       for reasons of public interest in the public health sector pursuant to art. 9(2) lit. h and i, as well as art. 9(3) gdpr;
(4)       for archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes pursuant to art. 89(1) gdpr, if and to the extent to which deletion would probably rule out or seriously impair the realization of the objectives of such processing, or
(5)       for asserting, exercising or defending legal claims.
e)    right to restriction of processing
each data subject shall have the right granted by the european directive and regulation legislator to obtain from the controller restriction of processing where one of the following applies:
the accuracy of the personal data is contested by the data subject, for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data.
the processing is unlawful and the data subject opposes the erasure of the personal data and requests instead the restriction of their use instead.
the controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of the processing, but they are required by the data subject for the assertion, exercise or defense of legal claims.
the data subject has objected to processing pursuant to article 21(1) gdpr pending the verification whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override those of the data subject.
if one of the aforementioned reasons applies, and a data subject wishes to request the restriction of personal data stored by csb, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller responsible for processing. the csb employee will arrange the restriction of processing.
f)    right to data portability
each data subject shall have the right granted by the european directive and regulation legislator, to receive the personal data concerning him or her, which was provided by the data subject to a controller, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. he or she shall have the right to transmit those data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to which the personal data were provided, as long as the processing is based on consent pursuant to art. 6(1) lit. a gdpr or art. 9(2) lit. a gdpr, or on a contract pursuant to art.6(1) lit. b gdpr, and the processing is carried out by automated means, as long as the processing is not necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
furthermore, in exercising his or her right to data portability pursuant to article 20(1) gdpr, the data subject shall have the right to have personal data transmitted directly from one controller to another, where technically feasible and when doing so does not adversely affect the rights and freedoms of others.
in order to assert the right to data portability, the data subject may at any time contact any employee of csb.
g)    right to object
each data subject shall at any time have the right granted by the european directive and regulation legislator to object, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation to the processing of personal data concerning him or her, which is based on art. 6(1) lit. e or f gdpr. this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
if you object to processing, your personal data will no longer be processed by csb, unless we are able to prove compelling legitimate reasons for the processing that override the interests, rights and freedoms of the data subject or the processing is for asserting, exercise or defense of legal claims.
if csb processes personal data for direct marketing purposes, the data subject shall have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning him or her for such marketing. this applies to profiling to the extent that it is related to such direct marketing. if the data subject objects to processing for direct advertising, csb will no longer process the personal data for these purposes.
in addition, the data subject shall have the right, on grounds relating to his or her particular situation, to object to the processing of personal data concerning him or her by csb for scientific or historical research purposes, or for statistical purposes pursuant to art. 89(1) gdpr, unless the processing is necessary for the performance of a task carried out for reasons of public interest.
in order to exercise the right to object, the data subject may directly contact any employee of csb or another employee. in addition, the data subject is free in the context of the use of information society services, and notwithstanding directive 2002/58/ec, to use his or her right to object by automated means using technical specifications.
h)    automated individual decision-making, including profiling
each data subject shall have the right granted by the european directive and regulation legislator not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing - including profiling - which produces legal effects concerning him or her, or similarly significantly affects him or her, as long as the decision (1) is not necessary for entering into, or fulfilling a contract between the data subject and the controller, or (2) is authorized by legal provisions of union or member state law to which the controller is subject and which also lays down suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, or (3) is based on the data subject's explicit consent.
if the decision (1) is necessary for entering into, or fulfilling a contract between the data subject and the controller, or (2) it is based on the data subject's explicit consent, csb shall implement suitable measures to safeguard the data subject's rights and freedoms and legitimate interests, at least the right to obtain human intervention on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and contest the decision.
if a data subject wishes to exercise the rights concerning automated individual decision-making, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller responsible for processing.
i)      right to withdraw data protection consent
each data subject shall have the right granted by the european directive and regulation legislator to withdraw his or her consent to the processing of his or her personal data at any time.
if a data subject wishes to exercise the right to withdraw the consent, he or she may, at any time, contact any employee of the controller responsible for the processing.
j)    right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, every data subject shall have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of his or her habitual residence, place of work or place of the alleged infringement if the data subject considers that the processing of personal data relating to him or her infringes upon gdpr.
the supervisory authority with which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant on the progress and the outcome of the complaint including the possibility of a judicial remedy pursuant to art. 78 gdpr.
12. data protection regulations as to the application and use of google analytics (with anonymization function)
the controller responsible for processing has integrated the google analytics component (with anonymization function) in this website. google analytics is a web analysis service. web analysis is the acquisition, collection and evaluation of data on the behavior of visitors of websites. a web analysis service collects data from which website the data subject has accessed a website (so-called referrers), which sub-pages of the website were accessed or how often and for how long a sub-page was viewed. a web analysis is mainly used for optimizing a website and for the cost-benefit analysis of web marketing.
the operating company of the google analytics component is google inc. 1600 amphitheatre pkwy, mountain view, ca 94043-1351, usa.
the controller responsible for processing uses the add-on “_gat._anonymizelp” for web analysis via google analytics. by means of this add-on the ip address of the connection to the internet of the data subject is abbreviated by google and anonymized, if our websites are accessed by a member state of the european union or another state party to the agreement on the european economic area.
the purpose of the google analytics component is the analysis of the flow of visitors of our website. google uses inter alia the collected data and information to evaluate the use of our website, to compile online reports for us indicating the activities on our websites, and to render further services related to the use of our website.
google analytics sets a cookie into the it system of the data subject. the meaning of cookies was already explained above. via cookies google is enabled to analyze the use of our website. every single access to one of the individual pages of this website which is operated by the controller responsible for processing and into which a google analytics component has been integrated, the internet browser in the it-system of the data subject is automatically prompted by the respective google analytics component to transfer data to google for the purpose of an online analysis. in the context of this technical process google will obtain knowledge of personal data, such as the ip address or the data subject which serve to enable google to trace the origin of the visitors and clicks and subsequently enable commission settlements.
by means of the cookie personal information, such as the time of access, the location from which the access was made and the access frequency of our website by the data subject will be stored. every time our websites are accessed these personal data, including the ip address of the internet connection of the data subject will be transferred to google in the united states of america. these personal data are stored by google in the united states of america. if need be, google will disclose the personal data collected via the technical process to a third party.
the data subject may, at any time, prevent the setting of cookies through our website by means of a corresponding setting of the internet browser used, and may thus permanently deny the setting of cookies. such a setting of the internet browser used would also prevent that google sets a cookie in the it system of the data subject. moreover, a cookie already set by google analytics can be deleted at any time via the internet browser or other software programs.
moreover, the data subject shall be able to object to and prevent the collection of data generated by google analytics, related to the use of this website, as well the processing of these data by google. for this the data subject must download and install a browser add-on via the link tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. this browser add-on informs google analytics via javascript that no data or information as to accesses of websites may be transmitted to google analytics. the installation of the browser add-on is considered by google as an objection. if the it-system of the data subject is deleted, formatted or reinstalled at a later stage, the data subject must reinstall the browser add-on to disable google analytics. provided that the browser add-on has been disabled or deactivated by the data subject or another person to be assigned to his or her sphere of influence, the browser add-on may be reinstalled or reactivated.
further information and the applicable data protection regulations of google can be retrieved under www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/ and
www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html. google analytics provides detailed information under this link www.google.com/intl/de_de/analytics/.
13. google +1 (google plus)
the plug-in “google+1” (google plus) has been integrated in the csb website. this is provided and operated by google inc. it can be identified via the button with “+1” on a white background.
when accessing a website of the csb web presence containing such a plug-in, the browser generally establishes a direct connection to the google servers in the usa, which in turn will transfer the content of the plug-in to the browser of the data subject and be integrated by it into the displayed website. hereby the information that the data subject has accessed the csb website is forwarded to google.
provided that you are logged-in via your personal user account at google plus or google while accessing our website, google can assign the website access to this account. by interaction with plug-ins, e.g. by clicking the button or posting a comment this respective information is directly transferred to google and stored there, if you wish to prevent such data transfer, you must log out from your google plus or google account before accessing our website.
we have no control over the scope and content of the data google will collect via the button. we assume that the ip address of the data subject is collected and transferred. information on the purpose, scope and utilization of the data collection by google inc. can be gathered by the data subjects from the privacy notices of google inc. this website can be found under the url http://www.google.com/intl/de/+/policy/+1button.html
14. facebook plug-ins (“like” button)
our website uses plug-ins of facebook, 1601 south california avenue, palo alto, ca 94304, usa. facebook is a social network. the respective plug-in can be identified in the facebook logo or the “like” button. the total overview of all plug-ins by facebook can be viewed under the following link: http://developers.facebook.com/docs/plugins
once you access our website, the facebook plug-in will establish a direct connection between your internet browser and the facebook servers. this way facebook is informed that our website had been accessed by your ip address. if you have been logged in with facebook, you may link the corresponding content contained in our website with your facebook profile via the “like” button. facebook can then allocate your visit to our website to your facebook account. we, as the provider of our website, will not be informed by facebook about the content of the transferred data or the use of data. further information can be had under the following link: http://de-de.facebook.com/policy.php
if you are member of facebook, but do not want personal data transferred to facebook and connected to your member data, you must log out from facebook before accessing our website.
15. twitter
our website contains functions of twitter inc., 795 folsom street, suite 600, san francisco, ca 94107, usa. if you use twitter and in particular the function “re-tweet”, twitter will link your twitter account to the websites frequented by you. this will be disclosed to other twitter users, in particular your followers. in doing so data are transferred to twitter as well.
we, as the provider of our website, will not be informed by twitter about the content of the transferred data or the use of data. further information can be had under the following link: http://twitter.com/privacy
please note that you can change your privacy settings at twitter in the account settings there under http://twitter.com/account/settings.
16. youtube
this website contains at least one plug-in of youtube, belonging to google inc., usa. once you access pages of our website equipped with a youtube plug-in, a connection to the youtube servers will be established. in this context the youtube server will be informed what specific page of our website was accessed by you. if you logged in on your youtube account as well, you would enable youtube to allocate your browsing behavior directly to your personal profile. you can exclude this allocation possibility, if you log out from your account beforehand. further information on the collection and use of your data by youtube can be had in the privacy notes under www.youtube.com.
17. linkedin share buttons
you will find in our website plug-ins of the social network linkedin, respectively the linkedin corporation, 2029 stierlin court, mountain view, cs 94043, usa (hereinafter referred to as “linkedin”). you can identify the linkedin plug-ins through the respective logo or the “recommend button” (“recommend”). please note that the plug-in will establish a connection between your respective internet browser and the linkedin server. thus, linkedin will be informed that our website had been accessed by your ip address. if you click on the “recommend button” of linkedin and are logged in at the same time with your linkedin account, you may link content from our websites to your profile at the linkedin profile. in doing so, you enable linkedin to assign your access to our website to you or your user account. you have to know that we do not gain any knowledge of the content of the data transferred and their use by linkedin.
further details on the collection of data and your legal opportunities, as well as setting options can be had at linkedin. these are provided under http://www.linkedin.com/static?key=privacy_policy&trk=hb_ft_priv.
18. xing
our websites use the “share button” by xing. therefore, when accessing this website via your browser a connection to the servers of xing ag, gänsemarkt 43, 20354 hamburg, germany, will be established. thereby the share functions (e.g. display of count) will be produced. your personal data will not be stored when this website is accessed. in particular, no ip addresses will be stored by xing, nor will your usage behavior be evaluated. the current privacy information with regard to the “share button”, as well as further relevant information in this context can be referred to under https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection.
19. legal bases of processing
art. 6 i lit. a gdpr shall be the legal basis for processing for which we obtain the consent for a certain processing purpose. if the processing of personal data for the performance of a contract the data subject is party to, as for instance with processing operations required for the supply of goods or rendering another service or return service, processing shall be based on art. 6 i lit. b gdpr. the same shall be applicable for processing operations required for the performance of pre-contractual measures, for instance in the case of queries regarding our products or services. if our company is subject to a legal obligation requiring the processing of personal data, such as the compliance with tax duties, the processing shall be based on art. 6 i lit. c. gdpr. in rare cases, processing of personal data may become necessary to protect vital interests of the data subject or another natural person. this would for instance be the case if a visitor is injured in our company and as a result his or her name, age, health insurance data or other vital information would have to be forwarded to a physician, hospital or another third party. then the processing would be based on art. 6 i lit. d gdpr. in the end the processing operations could be based on art. 6 i lit. f gdpr. processing operations not covered by any of the aforementioned legal grounds are based on this basis if the processing is necessary to protect a vital interest of our company or a third party, unless interests, fundamental rights and fundamental freedom of the data subject prevail. we are entitled to such processing operations because they are explicitly mentioned by the european legislator. in this regard the latter’s opinion was that a legitimate interest could be assumed, if the data subject is a customer of the controller (recital 47 sentence 2 gdpr).
20. legitimate interests in the processing pursued by the controller or a third party
if the processing or personal data is based on article 6 i lit. f gdpr, our legitimate interest will be the performance of our business activities in favor of the welfare of our staff members and our shareholders.
21. storage period of personal data
the criterion for the storage period of personal data shall be the respective legal retention period. upon expiry of the period the respective data shall be routinely deleted, provided that they are no longer necessary for the performance of the contract or contract initiation.
22. legal or contractual provisions for the provision of personal data; necessity for the conclusion of a contract; obligation of the data subject to provide personal data; possible consequences of a non-provision
we inform you that the provision of personal data is partly prescribed by law (e.g. tax regulations) or may be a result of contractual provisions (e.g. information on the contractual partner). from time to time it may be necessary for the conclusion of a contract that a data subject provides us with personal data which subsequently must be processed by us. the data subject shall be obliged to provide personal data, if our company enters into a contract with him or her. the non-provision of personal data would mean that the contract with the data subject cannot be concluded. prior to the provision of personal data by the data subject the latter must contact one of our staff members. our staff member informs the data subject on a case-by-case basis whether the provision of personal data is prescribed by law or contract or necessary for the conclusion of the contract, whether there is an obligation to provide personal data and what consequences would have to be expected if personal data are not provided.
23. existence of automated decision-making
as a responsible company we waive automated decision-making or profiling.
careers
downloads
contact
csb-system
privacy policy
softwarecsb basic erpcsb factory erpcsb industry erpcsb hardwareautomationconsulting & services
csb basic erp
csb factory erp
csb industry erp
csb hardware
automation
consulting & services
industriesfood & beveragesmeattrade & logisticschemicalspharmaceuticalcosmetics
food & beverages
meat
trade & logistics
chemicals
pharmaceutical
cosmetics
knowledgeknowledge hubeventsvideosfocus topicsblogtraining
knowledge hub
events
videos
focus topics
blog
training
career
contactall locationsusaunited kingdomaustraliacanadainfo@csb.com+1 800.852.9977                csb-system international, inc. usa                                    3223 south cherokee lane suite 1530                                                    30188 woodstock, ga                                usainfo@csb.com+44 (0)20 3151 0414                csb uk and ireland                                    tamworth road 29                                                    sg13 7dd hertford                                united kingdominfo.au@csb.com+61 39336 3048                csb australia                                    mcgregors drive 20                                                    3042 keilor park                                australiainfo@csb.com+1 519-579-7272                csb-system international, software development and business consulting inc.                                    10 duke street west                                                     kitchener, on n2h 3w4                                canada
all locations
info@csb.com
+1 800.852.9977
csb-system international, inc. usa                                    3223 south cherokee lane suite 1530                                                    30188 woodstock, ga                                usa
info@csb.com
+44 (0)20 3151 0414
csb uk and ireland                                    tamworth road 29                                                    sg13 7dd hertford                                united kingdom
info.au@csb.com
+61 39336 3048
csb australia                                    mcgregors drive 20                                                    3042 keilor park                                australia
info@csb.com
+1 519-579-7272
csb-system international, software development and business consulting inc.                                    10 duke street west                                                     kitchener, on n2h 3w4                                canada
linkedin
twitter
youtube
privacy policy
terms and conditions
legal notice
