productdatadomain searchfind the email addresses of a company.email finderfind the email address of a professional.email verifierverify any email address.outreachcampaignssimple cold email campaigns.integrationsconnect to your favorite application.morebrowser extensiongoogle sheets add-onbulk taskstechlookupapi for developerssign up free
pricing
resourcestemplatesdirectory of best cold email templates.webinarsfree video training sessions.customer storiesdiscover how our customers are using hunter.help centeryour questions on hunter answered.from the blogmore on the blog
companyabout usmeet the team behind hunter.our datahow our data is sourced and processed.careerswe're hiringour current open positions.
englishfrançais
english
français
sign in
sign up
english
français
sign in
sign up
productdomain searchfind the email addresses of a company.email finderfind the email address of a professional.email verifierverify any email address.campaignssimple cold email campaigns.integrationsconnect to your favorite application.
pricing
hunter blog
about us
our data
privacy policy
terms of service
privacy policy
gdpr
ccpa
cookie policy
robot
security policy
bounty program
hunter helps businesses connect with each other by providing web applications, browser extensions, and other online services.
we are committed to respecting everyone's privacy and design our services with this goal in mind in accordance with european regulation (eu) 2016/679 of the european parliament and of the council of 27 april 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regards to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data and repealing directive 95/46/ec (“gdpr”) and applicable data protection laws.
in order to satisfy our customers’ expectations and to ensure the respect of data subjects’ rights, we regularly improve internal processes.
this privacy policy describes what data we collect and how we process it. should you have any questions, please reach out, we'll be glad to help:contact@hunter.io.
where does hunter collect data?
this privacy applies to all services offered by hunter including:
the domain search
the email finder
the email verifier
the leads
mailtracker
the campaigns
what information does hunter collect?
when you are on our website
when you're using our website, we track your usage which includes statistics such as which pages you visit and how long you look at them. this information may include but is not limited to ip address, geolocation information, browser type and information about the use of our website, including a history of the pages you view.
if you create an account, we ask information such including but not limited to: your email, your name or what company you work for. all this information is used to personalize your experience or send you onboarding emails and invoices. in cases of high-risk of fraud, we might ask for a phone number for verification purposes (we never use it for marketing purposes). if you become a paying customer, we will collect your payment card information.
when you use our services
whether it is through the api, the website, the google sheets add-on, or the browser extensions we provide; we monitor your usage, and log requests that you make. those logs can include ip address, geolocation information, browser type, etc. we destroy those logs at the latest after 4 months.
when using our services, you might send us some data or data files (for the email finder and the email verifier for example).
when you contact our support
if you reach out via email or chat, we keep conversations and other data you might send during those exchanges. when you delete your account, those conversations are removed after a period of up to 6 months.
when someone uses mailtracker
our users can send emails through their usual gmail interface and our mailtracker extension will provide tracking information. we’ll let them know if we think their emails have been opened, where and how many times.
the recipients, subject or content of emails are never stored or sent to our servers. we only store the identification numbers of emails and conversations (for example “1617567580158230396”).
when someone uses the campaigns
when connecting their gmail or google workspace accounts, our users can send emails through hunter. through our dashboard, we’ll provide tracking information and help manage replies.
as hunter provides an interface to organize outreach efforts, we need to store emails sent (which includes the recipients, subjects and content) and the potential replies they receive. to increase the productivity of our users, certain features might perform searches in their mailboxes; the emails returned will be temporarily stored on our servers.
the gmail data used by the campaigns feature is never shared with third-parties. it stays private to the user and his or her team if applicable.
when we parse public web data
we use servers to look at publicly available online pages and process business data on them. only public pages are looked at and only publicly available online data that can be found by a search engine are indexed by our servers. if a website, via a robots.txt file, asks crawlers not to look at the content, we respect this indication. our robots view systematically the robot.txt file before exploring and indexing the public data available on the website. we are not responsible for the privacy policies and practices of other websites.
on those public pages, we look for business data such as names, professional emails, social networks urls, etc. if we come across private consumer data (for example a gmail or hotmail address), we do not process it.
how do we use your data?
to provide our services
when creating an account, you agree to our terms of service which allows us to process your data to give you access to hunter. this way, you can have an account on our website, save and process leads, invite other team members, etc.
to improve the user experience
we're looking at usage patterns and various statistics to understand what to improve on hunter. this includes, for example, doing a/b testing on new features.
we’re also using the data that goes through our services to improve the services themselves. we only use this information to validate data we already have or that is being supplied by a user, not to enrich our databases.
to inform businesses regarding content that is publicly displayed online
to provide the service, we also give you access to the publicly accessible business data we have indexed. it is important for our users' (and the businesses they work for) to have access to the business data already shared on the web. this helps them discover relevant contacts within companies they want to reach out to.
to offer customer support
we provide customer support via email or chat, to help you take full advantage of our service or fix any problem you encounter.
to fight fraud
there are always bad actors on the web: we actively fight credit card fraud and misuse of our services.
to market new services
regularly, we launch new services. we’ll let users know about those releases if they have asked us to keep them up to date.
your rights, controls and choices
your rights
you have the following rights in relation to the personal data that we hold about you:
to access your personal data, and some related information as described in the section below “know if we have information concerning you and what that information is”;
to require any inaccurate personal data to be rectified, completed including by means of providing a supplementary statement;
to require us to delete the personal data in certain circumstances;
to require us to restrict or block the processing of your personal data in certain circumstances (when processing is restricted, we can still store your personal data, but may not use it further);
to obtain from us your personal data, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format in certain circumstances. further, you may have the right to require us to transmit your personal data directly to another person where it is technically feasible to do so; and
to object to our use of your personal data for direct marketing purposes at any time and you may have the right to object to our processing of some or all of your personal data (and require them to be deleted) in some other circumstances;
where we are processing your personal data based on your consent to such processing, to withdraw your consent at any time.
update, correct and delete your information
if you're a direct user of our service, you can log in to your account and update your information directly there.
if your business data was found online, you can use ourclaim feature to update or delete it.
know if we have information concerning you and what that information is
in particular, you have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you are being processed, and, where that is the case, access to the personal data and the following information:
if you're in our database
exactly what data we hold
the purposes of the processing
how long the data will be kept
where exactly on the web that information has been found
all other information as mentioned in article 15 of the gdpr
to get started, reach out atcontact@hunter.io or visit our claim page.
disable the processing and permanently remove all of your data
if you’re a user of our service, you can log in to permanently destroy your account.
if your data was found online, use our claim feature to get full control over it. you can delete all your data directly online without having to send a request via email.
if you have any concerns, please reach out first so we can have achance to help:contact@hunter.io.if you feel we’re not doing enough, you have the right to contactyour local supervisory authority.
services helping us manage your data
to provide our services, we rely on other companies that can partially manage your data. we carefully select our providers to ensure the privacy and security of your data. our biggest providers are:
hosting and content delivery:google cloud platformcloudflareamazon web services
google cloud platform
cloudflare
amazon web services
customer supportintercom
intercom
email marketing:customer.io
customer.io
analytics:holisticsprofitwell (200 ok, llc)us only:microsoft clarity(microsoft collects or receives personal data to provide the analytics service and provide microsoft advertising. to know more, readmicrosoft's privacy policy)
holistics
profitwell (200 ok, llc)
us only:microsoft clarity(microsoft collects or receives personal data to provide the analytics service and provide microsoft advertising. to know more, readmicrosoft's privacy policy)
for internal collaboration and emails:google workspaceslack
google workspace
slack
duration of the processing
for users of our service, we process your data as long as your account stays active and after 3 years of inactivity. once your account is deleted or after 3 years of inactivity, we remove almost everything within a few days and all remaining artifacts within 3 months. if you’ve paid for hunter, we might keep some information regarding your company for longer to comply with our legal obligations.
if your data was found online, we process it as long as it stays online. we make sure to regularly come back where we found it, if it isn't there anymore or if we believe that your personal data that we hold is inaccurate, we remove it from our databases and stop all processing.
securing your data
we take the security of the data we manage very seriously and always try to keep our methods up-to-date. we've written a detailed document describing oursecurity policy.
the servers we use to store and process personal data are exclusively in the european union.
additional notices for certain jurisdictions
california
we have prepared additional disclosures and notices consistent with the california consumer privacy act (ccpa).our privacy notice for california residents, the terms of which are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy,can be found here.
nevada
if you would like to request that we refrain from selling your covered information(as defined under nevada law), please contact us at contact@hunter.io.
updates & contact
date of last revision: april 5, 2022.
the company behind hunter, hunter web services, inc., is incorporatedin the united states. you can reach us via email:contact@hunter.io orsnail-mail (only usps): hunter web services, inc., 2810 n church st #50754, wilmington,delaware, 19802-4447, usa.
domain search
email finder
author finder
email verifier
bulk tasks
campaigns
api
chrome extension
firefox add-on
google sheets add-on
integrations
mailtracker
techlookup
templates
about us
careerswe're hiring!
our data
hunter blog
engineering blog
affiliate program
press resources
contact us
help center
claim
bug bounty
all systems operational
add hunter to your toolkit.
more than 3,000,000 professionals use hunter to build more connections and grow their business.
