hauptnavigation
home
productsproducts overviewdata modul productssystem solutionseasytouchembeddeddisplayssoftwareaccessoriesdistributiondisplaysembeddedtouchsystem solutionsproduct cataloguetft displaysepaper displaysmip displaystouch displayspcap touchresistive touchmonitorspanel pcslcd controller boardscpu boardsbox pcs
products overview
data modul productssystem solutionseasytouchembeddeddisplayssoftwareaccessories
system solutions
easytouch
embedded
displays
software
accessories
distributiondisplaysembeddedtouchsystem solutions
displays
embedded
touch
system solutions
product cataloguetft displaysepaper displaysmip displaystouch displayspcap touchresistive touchmonitorspanel pcslcd controller boardscpu boardsbox pcs
tft displays
epaper displays
mip displays
touch displays
pcap touch
resistive touch
monitors
panel pcs
lcd controller boards
cpu boards
box pcs
customizingoverview customizingsystem solutionsmodular conceptcustom displayscustom touchtouch sensors, tails & touch controllerglass competencesenhanced hmisoftware, tools & tuningembedded designsoftware development
overview customizing
system solutionsmodular concept
modular concept
custom displays
custom touchtouch sensors, tails & touch controllerglass competencesenhanced hmisoftware, tools & tuning
touch sensors, tails & touch controller
glass competences
enhanced hmi
software, tools & tuning
embedded design
software development
sectors & marketsall sectors & marketsautomotive solutionsemobility & smart chargingindustrial hmimedical & health caresmart retail & signage solutionstransportation
all sectors & markets
automotive solutions
emobility & smart charging
industrial hmi
medical & health care
smart retail & signage solutions
transportation
companycompany overviewnews & eventsall newsshortnewsabout us50 years data modulabout data modullocationshistorycompetencesall competencesbondingproduction & logisticsresearch & developmentquality managementinvestor relationscorporate governancefinancial calendarfinancial newsfinancial reportsgeneral meetingstocks
company overview
news & eventsall newsshortnews
all news
shortnews
about us50 years data modulabout data modullocationshistory
50 years data modul
about data modul
locations
history
competencesall competencesbondingproduction & logisticsresearch & development
all competences
bonding
production & logistics
research & development
quality management
investor relationscorporate governancefinancial calendarfinancial newsfinancial reportsgeneral meetingstocks
corporate governance
financial calendar
financial news
financial reports
general meeting
stocks
careeroverview careerdata modul as employerjobsapprenticeshipdual studies
overview career
data modul as employer
jobs
apprenticeship
dual studies
servicecontactlocationsservice forminformation for suppliers / manufacturers
contact
locations
service form
information for suppliers / manufacturers
home
product catalogue
discover our portfolio of display, touch and embedded as well as box and panel pcs.
displays
we are one of the world's leading display technology partners and europe's market leader for industrial displays.
touch
we offer complete pcap / pct solutions consisting of touch sensor, controller, firmware, cover glass and optical bonding - all from a single source.
embedded
we offer perfectly configured embedded computer systems based on arm and x86 architectures.
system solutions
we develop and manufacture customised monitor and panel pc solutions for a wide range of applications based on a modular product concept.
transparent 55″ oled displays for industrial use
home
privacy policy
1. an overview of data protection
general
the following gives a simple overview of what happens to your personal information when you visit our website. personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. detailed information on the subject of data protection can be found in our privacy policy found below.
data collection on our website
who is responsible for the data collection on this website?the data collected on this website are processed by the website operator. the operator's contact details can be found in the website's required legal notice.
how do we collect your data?some data are collected when you provide it to us. this could, for example, be data you enter on a contact form.other data are collected automatically by our it systems when you visit the website. these data are primarily technical data such as the browser and operating system you are using or when you accessed the page. these data are collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
what do we use your data for?part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
what rights do you have regarding your data?you always have the right to request information about your stored data, its origin, its recipients, and the purpose of its collection at no charge. you also have the right to request that it be corrected, blocked, or deleted. you can contact us at any time using the address given in the legal notice if you have further questions about the issue of privacy and data protection. you may also, of course, file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities.
analytics and third-party tools
when visiting our website, statistical analyses may be made of your surfing behavior. this happens primarily using cookies and analytics. the analysis of your surfing behavior is usually anonymous, i.e. we will not be able to identify you from this data. you can object to this analysis or prevent it by not using certain tools. detailed information can be found in the following privacy policy.
you can object to this analysis. we will inform you below about how to exercise your options in this regard.
2. general information and mandatory information
data protection
the operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. we treat your personal data as confidential and in accordance with the statutory data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
if you use this website, various pieces of personal data will be collected. personal information is any data with which you could be personally identified. this privacy policy explains what information we collect and what we use it for. it also explains how and for what purpose this happens.
please note that data transmitted via the internet (e.g. via email communication) may be subject to security breaches. complete protection of your data from third-party access is not possible.
information on data protection for applicants
information data protection for applicants pursuant to art. 13 eu-gdpr | data modul ag
information on data protection for applicants pursuant to art. 13 eu-gdpr | data modul weikersheim gmbh
notice concerning the party responsible for this website
the party responsible for processing data on this website is:
data modul aktiengesellschaft produktion und vertrieb von elektronischen systemenlandsberger str. 32280687 münchen
telephone: 089 56017 0 email: info@data-modul.com
the responsible party is the natural or legal person who alone or jointly with others decides on the purposes and means of processing personal data (names, email addresses, etc.).
revocation of your consent to the processing of your data
many data processing operations are only possible with your express consent. you may revoke your consent at any time with future effect. an informal email making this request is sufficient. the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
right to file complaints with regulatory authorities
if there has been a breach of data protection legislation, the person affected may file a complaint with the competent regulatory authorities. the competent regulatory authority for matters related to data protection legislation is the data protection officer of the german state in which our company is headquartered. a list of data protection officers and their contact details can be found at the following link: https://www.bfdi.bund.de/de/infothek/anschriften_links/anschriften_links-node.html.
right to data portability
you have the right to have data which we process based on your consent or in fulfillment of a contract automatically delivered to yourself or to a third party in a standard, machine-readable format. if you require the direct transfer of data to another responsible party, this will only be done to the extent technically feasible.
ssl or tls encryption
this site uses ssl or tls encryption for security reasons and for the protection of the transmission of confidential content, such as the inquiries you send to us as the site operator. you can recognize an encrypted connection in your browser's address line when it changes from "http://" to "https://" and the lock icon is displayed in your browser's address bar.
if ssl or tls encryption is activated, the data you transfer to us cannot be read by third parties.
information, blocking, deletion
as permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. you also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. you can contact us at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data.
opposition to promotional emails
we hereby expressly prohibit the use of contact data published in the context of website legal notice requirements with regard to sending promotional and informational materials not expressly requested. the website operator reserves the right to take specific legal action if unsolicited advertising material, such as email spam, is received.
3. data protection officer
statutory data protection officer
we have appointed a data protection officer for our company.
data modul aktiengesellschaft produktion und vertrieb von elektronischen systemen-datenschutzbeauftragter-landsberger str. 32280687 münchenemail: dmdatenschutz@data-modul.com
4. data collection on our website
cookies
some of our web pages use cookies. cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser.
most of the cookies we use are so-called "session cookies." they are automatically deleted after your visit. other cookies remain in your device's memory until you delete them. these cookies make it possible to recognize your browser when you next visit the site.
you can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. disabling cookies may limit the functionality of this website.
cookies which are necessary to allow electronic communications or to provide certain functions you wish to use (such as the shopping cart) are stored pursuant to art. 6 paragraph 1, letter f of dsgvo. the website operator has a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies to ensure an optimized service provided free of technical errors. if other cookies (such as those used to analyze your surfing behavior) are also stored, they will be treated separately in this privacy policy.
server log files
the website provider automatically collects and stores information that your browser automatically transmits to us in "server log files". these are:
browser type and browser version
operating system used
referrer url
host name of the accessing computer
time of the server request
ip address
these data will not be combined with data from other sources.the basis for data processing is art. 6 (1) (f) dsgvo, which allows the processing of data to fulfill a contract or for measures preliminary to a contract.
contact form
should you send us questions via the contact form, we will collect the data entered on the form, including the contact details you provide, to answer your question and any follow-up questions. we do not share this information without your permission.
we will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per art. 6 (1)(a) dsgvo. you may revoke your consent at any time. an informal email making this request is sufficient. the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
we will retain the data you provide on the contact form until you request its deletion, revoke your consent for its storage, or the purpose for its storage no longer pertains (e.g. after fulfilling your request). any mandatory statutory provisions, especially those regarding mandatory data retention periods, remain unaffected by this provision.
5. analytics and advertising
google analytics
this website uses google analytics, a web analytics service. it is operated by google dublin, google ireland ltd., gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland, fax: +353 (1) 436 1001. terms: http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/de.html, overview privacy: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html, as well as privacy policy: http://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy.
google analytics uses so-called "cookies". these are text files that are stored on your computer and that allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. the information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually transmitted to a google server in the usa and stored there.
the legal basis for the processing of personal data with the help of google analytics is in accordance with. art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. a dsgvo your consent given. your consent is voluntary and can be revoked at any time with effect for the future. you can revoke or adapt your consent by clicking on the cookie settings on the left of the page.
the data collected in this way is used to analyze user behavior in order to optimize both the website and advertising.
it cannot be ruled out that data may be transferred to the usa and processed by us authorities. according to the current legal situation, the usa is an insecure third country with an inadequate level of data protection, in which the european data protection standards cannot be ensured. by giving your consent to the use of google analytics on our website, you are also giving your consent in accordance with art. 49 para. 1 lit. a gdpr for the transfer of data to the usa.
the data obtained via google analytics are automatically deleted after 14 months.
ip anonymizationwe have activated the ip anonymization feature on this website. your ip address will be shortened by google within the european union or other parties to the agreement on the european economic area prior to transmission to the united states. only in exceptional cases is the full ip address sent to a google server in the us and shortened there. google will use this information on behalf of the operator of this website to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity, and to provide other services regarding website activity and internet usage for the website operator. the ip address transmitted by your browser as part of google analytics will not be merged with any other data held by google.
browser pluginyou can prevent these cookies being stored by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser. however, we wish to point out that doing so may mean you will not be able to enjoy the full functionality of this website. you can also prevent the data generated by cookies about your use of the website (incl. your ip address) from being passed to google, and the processing of these data by google, by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
objecting to the collection of datayou can prevent the collection of your data by google analytics by clicking on the following link. an opt-out cookie will be set to prevent your data from being collected on future visits to this site: disable google analytics.
for more information about how google analytics handles user data, see google's privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
outsourced data processingwe have entered into an agreement with google for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the german data protection authorities when using google analytics.
salesviewer® technology
this website uses salesviewer® technology from salesviewer® gmbh on the basis of the website operator’s legitimate interests (section 6 paragraph 1 lit.f gdpr) in order to collect and save data on marketing, market research and optimisation purposes.
in order to do this, a javascript based code, which serves to capture company-related data and according website usage. the data captured using this technology are encrypted in a non-retrievable one-way function (so-called hashing). the data is immediately pseudonymised and is not used to identify website visitors personally.
the data recording and storage can be repealed at any time with immediate effect for the future, by clicking on https://www.salesviewer.com/opt-out in order to prevent salesviewer® from recording your data. in this case, an opt-out cookie for this website is saved on your device. if you delete the cookies in the browser, you will need to click on this link again.
hotjar
we use hotjar in order to better understand our users’ needs and to optimize this service and experience. hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users experience (e.g. how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices (in particular device's ip address (captured and stored only in anonymized form), device screen size, device type (unique device identifiers), browser information, geographic location (country only), preferred language used to display our website). hotjar stores this information in a pseudonymized user profile. neither hotjar nor we will ever use this information to identify individual users or to match it with further data on an individual user. for further details, please see hotjar’s privacy policy by clicking on this link.
you can opt-out to the creation of a user profile, hotjar’s storing of data about your usage of our site and hotjar’s use of tracking cookies on other websites by following this opt-out link.
6. newsletter
newsletter data
if you would like to receive our newsletter, we require a valid email address as well as information that allows us to verify that you are the owner of the specified email address and that you agree to receive this newsletter. no additional data is collected or is only collected on a voluntary basis. we only use this data to send the requested information and do not pass it on to third parties.
we will, therefore, process any data you enter onto the contact form only with your consent per art. 6 (1) (a) dsgvo. you can revoke consent to the storage of your data and email address as well as their use for sending the newsletter at any time, e.g. through the "unsubscribe" link in the newsletter. the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
the data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data will be deleted. data we have stored for other purposes (e.g. email addresses for the members area) remain unaffected.
cleverreach
this website uses cleverreach to send newsletters. the supplier is cleverreach gmbh & co. kg, mühlenstr. 43, 26180 rastede. cleverreach is a service which organizes and analyzes the distribution of newsletters. the data you provide (e.g. your email address) to subscribe to our newsletter will be stored on cleverreach servers in germany.
sending our newsletters with cleverreach enables us to analyze the behavior of newsletter recipients. among other things, we can find out how many recipients have opened the email containing the newsletter and how often various links contained therein are clicked. with the help of conversion tracking, we can also analyze whether a predefined action (such as the purchase of a product on our website) takes place after clicking on the link in the newsletter. for more information on how data is analyzed by cleverreach, please visit https://www.cleverreach.com/de/funktionen/reporting-und-tracking/.
data processing is based on art. 6 (1) (a) dsgvo. you may revoke your consent at any time by unsubscribing to the newsletter. the data processed before we receive your request may still be legally processed.
if you do not want your usage of the newsletter to be analyzed by cleverreach, you will have to unsubscribe from the newsletter. for this purpose, we provide a link in every newsletter we send. you can also unsubscribe from the newsletter directly on the website.
the data provided when registering for the newsletter will be used to distribute the newsletter until you cancel your subscription when said data will be deleted from our servers and those of cleverreach. data we have stored for other purposes (e.g. email addresses for the members area) remains unaffected.
for more information, see the privacy policy of cleverreach at https://www.cleverreach.com/de/datenschutz/.
completion of an outsourced data processing contractwe have entered into an agreement with cleverreach for the outsourcing of our data processing and fully implement the strict requirements of the german data protection authorities when using cleverreach.
7. plugins and tools
use of adobe typekit
we use adobe typekit for the visual design of our website. typekit is a service of adobe systems software ireland ltd. which grants us access to a font library. to integrate the fonts we use, your browser needs to connect to an adobe server in the us and download the font we need for our website.

adobe receives the information that your website has been called from your ip address. for more information about adobe typekit, see adobe's privacy policy, which you can access here: www.adobe.com/privacy/typekit.html
275 marcus blvdunit rhauppauge, ny 11788united states
contact
for any questions, please feel free to contact us.please fill in the form and hit submit. if desired, we will get in touch with you within the next few days. your contact data will be kept confidential.
products
system solutions
displays
embedded
touch
product catalogue
company
about us
financial reports
news & events
sectors & markets
career
current jobs
apprenticeship
dual studies
data modul as employer
service
information for suppliers
locations worldwide
quality management
service form
contact
contact
