privacy policy
this privacy policy was last modified on 31st july 2019.
deepmind technologies limited, is a company organised under the laws of england and wales, with registered office at 5 new street square, london, ec4a 3tw (“deepmind”, “us”, “we”, or “our”).
deepmind is a wholly owned subsidiary of alphabet inc. and operates https://deepmind.com (the “site”). this privacy policy informs you of the data processing operations carried out by us in relation to the site.
personal data and use
we take your privacy extremely seriously and use your personal data only for legitimate reasons and in accordance with data protection law, and any other applicable legislation, for purposes such as: providing and improving the site, allowing you to participate in various projects implemented by us through the site, responding to queries addressed by you through the site, research, maintenance of accounts and records and the promotion of services.
processing personal data of end users
while using our site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to, your name, email address, postal address and phone number.  unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy, terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions, accessible at www.deepmind.com.
we process your personal data for the purposes described in this privacy policy, based on the following legal grounds:
with your consent: we may ask for your agreement to process your personal data for specific purposes and you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time; or
deepmind’s legitimate interests while applying appropriate safeguards that protect your privacy. this means that we may process your personal data for things like:
providing, maintaining, and improving our site; or
detecting, preventing, or otherwise addressing fraud, abuse, security, or technical issues with our site.
log data
like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our site (“log data”). this log data may include information such as your computer’s internet protocol (“ip”) address, browser type, browser version, computer settings, the pages of our site that you visit, how often you visit those pages, the time and date of your visits, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.
cookies
cookies are files with small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. cookies are sent to your computer when you visit a website and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
like many websites, we may use “cookies” to collect information. these cookies enable us to understand how you use the site and enhance your experience whilst on it. they help us to provide you with a better site, by enabling us to monitor which pages you find useful, and those you do not. please be assured that cookies in no way give us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us. you can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. however, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our site.
by continuing to use our site without changing your browser settings you consent to the use of cookies as described in this privacy policy.
security
the security of your personal data is important to us. all of the personal data described above is recorded on restricted database servers. our suppliers use a variety of industry-standard security technologies and procedures to help protect your personal data from unauthorised access, use, or disclosure. please remember, however, that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. while we strive to use appropriate and robust security measures to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
links to other sites
our site may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party’s site. third parties may display advertisements on their sites. these advertisements may contain cookies, web beacons and other similar technologies. these third parties may collect information or insert cookies or similar technologies without our knowledge. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy and terms and conditions of every site you visit. we have no control over, assume no responsibility for, and do not endorse, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party sites or services.
retention of personal data
personal data will be retained for the entire period of time necessary for the performance of the purposes described in this privacy policy, as well as following their completion in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
transfers
if and when necessary or required, personal data processed for any of the purposes mentioned in this privacy policy may be transferred to other companies within the same group, suppliers and service providers, professional advisers and consultants, agents, survey and research organizations or to governmental or state authorities in accordance with applicable legal requirements. it may sometimes be necessary to transfer personal data overseas to other countries within the european union/ european economic area or to other countries around the world. any transfers made will be in full compliance with all applicable legal requirements.
your rights
under data protection law, you have the right to request access to, update, remove, and restrict the processing of your personal data.  you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data or export your personal data to another service. any requests should be addressed in writing to the deepmind legal team at our registered office or at the following e-mail address: legal@deepmind.com.
changes to this privacy policy
we may update this privacy policy from time to time. we will inform you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on the site without other notice to you. you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes.
contact us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us in writing at our registered address or via the e-mail address legal@deepmind.com.
you can also contact the information commissioner’s office (ico) if you have concerns regarding your rights under data protection law.
‍
