main navigation
company
innovations
news
header top menu
investors
jobs
aftermarket
home
privacy
at delphi we take privacy and confidentiality matters very seriously. we have developed this website privacy policy (hereinafter the “website privacy policy”) to clearly define our ongoing commitment to protecting privacy rights and to guide how we collect, use and disclose personal data when individuals interact with delphi in the context of our websites www.delphi.com and www.delphiautoparts.com (the “websites”).
this website privacy policy is issued by delphi powertrain systems operations luxembourg s. à r.l., (a société à responsabilité limitée formed under the laws of luxembourg, with registered offices at avenue de luxembourg, l- 4940 bascharage, grand duchy of luxembourg, registered within the registre de commerce et des sociétés in luxembourg under the number b215656) on behalf of:
·    for the website www.delphi.com : delphi technologies plc ·    for the website www.delphiautoparts.com : delphi technologies plc
(hereinafter “delphi”, “we” or “us”).
in the context of this website privacy policy, delphi acts as data controller (i.e. the organisation which determines why and how to process personal data), within the meaning of and in accordance with applicable data protection laws, including but not limited to, the european general data protection regulation 2016/679 of 27 april 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (the “data protection legislation”).
1.    definitions
the terms and expressions in capital letters used in this website privacy policy have the meanings set forth below. words in singular include the plural and vice versa. these terms and expressions shall always be interpreted according to data protection legislation.
“data subjects” or “you”: means any individual using our websites and/or in respect of whom we collect personal data in the context of our websites.
“personal data”: means any information allowing the direct or indirect identification of an individual.
“technical and organizational security measures”: means measures aimed at protecting personal data against accidental or unlawful destruction or accidental loss, alteration, unauthorized disclosure or access, in particular where the processing involves the transmission of personal data over a network, and against all other unlawful forms of processing.
2.    collection of personal data
when does delphi collect your personal data? delphi collects and stores your personal data:
when you navigate through our websites;
when you search on our websites;
when you contact us via our websites;
when you apply for a job via our websites.
refusal to provide your personal data. you have the right to refuse to provide us with your personal data but you are aware that not providing us with certain personal data may unfortunately prevent delphi from providing you full or optimal access to our websites.
types of personal data. personal data collected and stored by delphi in the context of our websites may include, but are not limited to, the following types of data:
identification data (such as name, family name);
contact information (such as phone numbers, email address);
other relevant personal details (such as country of residence or company name);
records of your correspondence with delphi, notably in the “contact us” tab of the websites;
in particular when you apply for a position via our websites: picture, date of birth, personal address, trainings and professional qualifications and experience, current position and country of employment;
it-related information, such as your ip address, the name of your internet service provider, the operating system and the browser you used, the date and duration of your visit, the name(s) of the visited page(s), the pages you arrived and departed from and other personal data collected via cookies; and
any other personal data reasonably related to the operation of our websites.
most of the time we collect personal data directly from the data subject. should you provide information, including personal data, regarding or on behalf of a third party individual (e.g. one of your employees), you undertake to do so in compliance with data protection legislation and, if required under such legislation, to inform this individual of such data processing and to provide him/her with this website privacy policy.
types of cookies used. a cookie is a small text file stored on the hard drive of your computer or in your browser memory when you visit our websites.
cookies provide useful information to companies, which helps in a variety of ways. cookies, for instance, help us to analyze how our customers interact with our websites so we can make improvements. for you, it means you can use the websites more efficiently. they also make sure you receive the most relevant information from delphi.
we use the following types of cookies on our websites:

types of cookies

these cookies help make our websites usable by enabling basic functions like page navigation, access to secure areas of our websites and maintaining login details for the session.
certain third party cookies allow us to filter out irrelevant messages or pop-ups, and to make sure that we only send you information that is interesting and relevant to you.
we also use google analytics to monitor and analyse the use of our websites for analytics and statistics purposes. this helps us understand how you interact with the websites. in practice, we are able with such cookies to record specific browsing information such as how you arrive at the site, the pages you view, options you select and the path you take through the site. by monitoring this information, we are able to make improvements to our sites. this web analytic service is offered by google and the personal data processed using this service is notably stored on servers in the usa and is shared with other google services or third parties which process the data on google’s behalf. google will also use the collected data for its own purposes.
cookies are also used for marketing and advertising purposes. we use remarketing with google analytics to advertise online. delphi and our service providers use google analytics and doubleclick cookies to (i) inform, optimize, and serve ads based on someone's past visits to our websites and to (ii) report how our ad impressions, other uses of ad services, and interactions with these ad impressions and ad services are related to visits to our websites.
flash cookies are used to accelerate and facilitate your access to our websites, which use flash technology, on subsequent visits. you can delete flash cookies by going to the settings manager for your adobe flash player.
consent to cookies. most browsers are initially set up to accept cookies. however, you can reset your browser to refuse all cookies or indicate when a cookie is being sent. you will need to consult the help area of your browser application for instructions. if you choose to disable your cookies setting or refuse to accept a cookie, some parts of our websites will not function properly or may be considerably slower. unless you have adjusted your browser setting so that it will refuse cookies, your system will continue to accept cookies when you direct your browser to our websites. deleting them means you may have to re-enter information each time you visit the same site.
you are free to consent or not to the use of third party cookies through a banner that will appear on your screen. you are also free to withdraw your consent to such use at any time on our websites. withdrawing consent does not however affect the lawfulness of the processing made before the withdrawal.
for more information on the privacy practices of google, please visit the google privacy & terms web page: http://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
purpose and legal basis of the processing of personal data. in most cases, personal data will be processed for at least one of the following reasons:
it is necessary for delphi to take measures at your request prior to entering into a contract or for the performance of any contractual obligations towards you;
you have given prior consent to the processing of your personal data and your consent has been obtained pursuant to applicable laws, such as to receive commercial communications from us or third parties or for us to use third party cookies;
it is necessary for delphi to be able to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation or with any decision, request or requirement from a public authority; or
it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interest pursued by us or by a third party, such as to answer any queries from you or to provide support in relation to our services and products, to provide you with information about delphi, to manage other requests made via the websites (e.g. a job application) or to notify you about any changes to our services, to make statistics, to present our websites and their content in a suitable and effective manner for you, to use essential cookies in relation to our websites as described above and to enforce our websites terms & conditions.
no automated decisions will be made in relation to the personal data processed.
delphi makes sure that only the personal data that are necessary to achieve the above-listed purposes are processed.
update of personal data. delphi will endeavor to keep the personal data in our possession or control accurate. individuals providing personal data are therefore responsible for promptly informing delphi of any change to their personal data.
3.    disclosure of personal data
personal data will not be shared with third parties, except as provided below.
disclosure of personal data. to achieve the purposes listed above, we may disclose personal data to the following categories of recipients:
external services providers and subcontractors;
professional advisors;
public authorities and administrations;
affiliate companies of delphi;
purchasers of delphi assets or entities
transfer of personal data within the delphi group. being a global company operating worldwide, delphi processes personal data in several countries and from different origins, and transfers data all over the globe. delphi is sharing data in the normal course and scope of business with other affiliated companies, as well as third parties.
data subjects are informed that certain recipients may be located outside the territory of the european union and in countries that do not offer a level of protection equivalent to the one granted in the european union. this is the case when personal data is shared with delphi technologies, inc in the usa.
in this respect, delphi has taken appropriate guaranties and concluded the necessary agreements to ensure complete security of the personal data transferred. in addition, delphi has decided that the adoption of binding corporate rules is the most appropriate mechanism to ensure that intra-group transfers of personal data are compliant with data protection legislation. copies of this document and of existing agreements can be provided upon written request at [email protected].
other transfers to external third parties located outside the european union in countries not deemed to offer an equivalent level of protection for personal data may also be authorized data protection legislation under a derogation relating, as the case may be, to the performance of a contract concluded in your interest or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the performance of a contract between you and us.
4.    data subjects’ rights in relation to the processing of their personal data
rights granted to data subjects. in accordance with applicable law, data subjects are granted the following rights with regard to the processing of their personal data:
the right to request access to the personal data stored by delphi;
the right to update or correct any of their personal data, if the personal data is incorrect;
the right to oppose to the processing of their personal data, on grounds related to their particular situation;
the right to request from delphi the erasure of the personal data, to the extent such personal data (i) are no longer necessary in relation to the initial purpose(s) for which they were collected, (ii) consent has been withdrawn and there is no other means of legitimating the processing of personal data, (iii) the data subject objects to the processing of the personal data, (iv) the personal data is unlawfully processed;
the right to request the restriction of the processing of personal data, if such personal data is found to be inaccurate or unlawful, is no longer needed for the purposes of the processing, or should a court decision on a complaint lodged by a data subject be pending;
the right to data portability;
the right to withdraw consent to data processing given in the context of this website privacy policy;
in the event of a dispute between the data subject and delphi regarding the processing of personal data which failed to be resolved by the parties in an amicable manner, the right to lodge a complaint with the luxembourg data protection authority (the commission nationale pour la protection des données - cnpd). data subjects can also contact their local data protection authority a list of which is available on https://ec.europa.eu/justice/article-29/structure/data-protection-authorities/index_en.htm
how to exercise such rights. data subjects can exercise the rights mentioned above or challenge compliance with this website privacy policy, by contacting delphi by email at the following address: [email protected].
delphi will respond to individual complaints and questions relating to privacy and will investigate and attempt to resolve all complaints. delphi undertakes to handle each request by a data subject free of charge and within a reasonable timeframe.
5.    data retention
delphi undertakes not to use the personal data for purposes other than those for which it has been collected and that such information shall not be stored for a period longer than necessary for the realization of such purposes.
retention periods shall, in any case, be compliant with any applicable law and proportionate to the purposes of the processing.
6.    technical and organizational security measures
ensuring that personal data is appropriately protected from data breaches is a top priority for delphi.
delphi implements adequate technical and organizational security measures, such as password protection, encryption, physical locks, etc., to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks represented by the processing and the nature of the personal data to be protected.
you should be aware, however, that due to the nature of the internet, communications over it (including electronic messages to delphi) are not 100% secure and that we cannot guarantee absolute security.
our websites may contain links to other websites that are operated by third parties. we cannot be responsible for the privacy practices or content of those other websites.
access to personal data is permitted to employees for the sole purpose of performing their professional duties, such employees being subject to a confidentiality obligation.
7.    amendment
delphi reserves the right to change, supplement and/or amend this website privacy policy at any time.
in such case, notification will be given through our intranet and/or by email, or any other methods allowed by data protection legislation.
9.        contact
delphi has set up a compliance office in order to manage and monitor global compliance for delphi to data protection obligations.
this compliance office is composed as follows:
- global data privacy officer:isabelle vagne, regional general counsel and compliance officer emeaemail: [email protected] tel. +33 (0) 1 70 76 72 62
- authorized data protection compliance manager:thomas whiteley, attorneyemail:  [email protected]tel.  +352 5018 2277
- local data protection officers who are the hr functional leaders of each delphi entity.for any question or queries you may have regarding this website privacy policy, please use the following email address: [email protected] or contact your hr manager locally.
site navigation
company
innovations
news
global navigation
investors
jobs
aftermarket
footer legal menu
suppliers
terms
cookies
privacy policy
legal
this website uses cookies to give you the best possible experience. full details of what cookies are, why we use them and how you manage them can be found in our cookie policy
essential cookies: certain cookies are necessary in order for you to use our websites. these are used 'in-session' each time you visit and then expire when you leave the site. they’re not stored on your computer and they don't contain any personal data. however, you can delete them via your browser if you wish to, but this will restrict the functions that you're able to carry out on our sites. for a list of essential cookies we use, click here
non-essential cookies: these cookies are usually supplied by our business partners and help us to filter out irrelevant messages or pop-ups, and to make sure that we only send you information that’s interesting and relevant to you. we also use some non-essential cookies for analytical purposes.
you can block any cookies from any website through your browser settings. for more information about how to disable cookies in your browser please visit the  about cookies website
