blog
downloads & resourcesbrochurescase studiesebooks & white papersvideo
news & eventsdematic in the newseventspress releasesvirtual tech tourswebinars
careers
contact us
industriessolutions to compete and win in your marketdematic is optimizing your supply chain with technologies that are transforming your industry.                                                        learn more industries overviewappareldurable manufacturinge-commercefood & beveragegeneral merchandisegroceryhealthcarenon-durable manufacturingparcelthird-party logisticswholesales/b2b
solutions to compete and win in your marketdematic is optimizing your supply chain with technologies that are transforming your industry.                                                        learn more
solutions to compete and win in your market
dematic is optimizing your supply chain with technologies that are transforming your industry.
industries overviewappareldurable manufacturinge-commercefood & beveragegeneral merchandisegroceryhealthcarenon-durable manufacturingparcelthird-party logisticswholesales/b2b
industries overview
apparel
durable manufacturing
e-commerce
food & beverage
general merchandise
grocery
healthcare
non-durable manufacturing
parcel
third-party logistics
wholesales/b2b

solutionssolutions to power the future of commercethe dematic micro-fulfillment system is our latest solution to help our customers meet aggressive growth strategies for omni-channel product distribution.                                                        learn more solutions by systemmicro-fulfillmentmerchandise returnspouchsolutions by functioninbound handlingconvey and transportstorage and bufferingcase pickingpiece pickingoutbound handling
solutions to power the future of commercethe dematic micro-fulfillment system is our latest solution to help our customers meet aggressive growth strategies for omni-channel product distribution.                                                        learn more
solutions to power the future of commerce
the dematic micro-fulfillment system is our latest solution to help our customers meet aggressive growth strategies for omni-channel product distribution.
solutions by systemmicro-fulfillmentmerchandise returnspouchsolutions by functioninbound handlingconvey and transportstorage and bufferingcase pickingpiece pickingoutbound handling
solutions by system
micro-fulfillment
merchandise returns
pouch
solutions by function
inbound handling
convey and transport
storage and buffering
case picking
piece picking
outbound handling

productsthe best selection for the best solutiondematic has a robust selection of quality product options to deliver the ideal solution for your facility.                                                        learn more products overviewagv systemsconveyor systemsoverhead systemspalletizing and depalletizingvoice and lightsrobotic systemssortation systemsstorage systemsworkstation systems
the best selection for the best solutiondematic has a robust selection of quality product options to deliver the ideal solution for your facility.                                                        learn more
the best selection for the best solution
dematic has a robust selection of quality product options to deliver the ideal solution for your facility.
products overviewagv systemsconveyor systemsoverhead systemspalletizing and depalletizingvoice and lightsrobotic systemssortation systemsstorage systemsworkstation systems
products overview
agv systems
conveyor systems
overhead systems
palletizing and depalletizing
voice and lights
robotic systems
sortation systems
storage systems
workstation systems

softwaredematic iq®dematic iq software delivers intelligent adaptability by connecting warehouse operations, maintenance, and analytics systems into one comprehensive ecosystem.                                                         learn more dematic iq overviewdematic insightsdematic iq optimizedematic iq virtualdematic iq workflowdematic sprocketmatflosoftware supportsap solutionssap ewmsap lesdematic subsuite 2.0sap tmproject methodologyyour benefit
dematic iq®dematic iq software delivers intelligent adaptability by connecting warehouse operations, maintenance, and analytics systems into one comprehensive ecosystem.                                                         learn more
dematic iq®
dematic iq software delivers intelligent adaptability by connecting warehouse operations, maintenance, and analytics systems into one comprehensive ecosystem.
dematic iq overviewdematic insightsdematic iq optimizedematic iq virtualdematic iq workflowdematic sprocketmatflosoftware supportsap solutionssap ewmsap lesdematic subsuite 2.0sap tmproject methodologyyour benefit
dematic iq overview
dematic insights
dematic iq optimize
dematic iq virtual
dematic iq workflow
dematic sprocket
matflo
software support
sap solutions
sap ewm
sap les
dematic subsuite 2.0
sap tm
project methodology
your benefit

services & supportlifecycle supportdematic works with you to ensure the best possible performance through the lifecycle of your system.                                                        learn more servicesoptimization assessment and technical trainingdistribution center operational excellence (dcoe)enterprise asset management systemfield service operationsmodernizations & upgradesremote servicesresident servicescustomer supportspare partstechnical support
lifecycle supportdematic works with you to ensure the best possible performance through the lifecycle of your system.                                                        learn more
lifecycle support
dematic works with you to ensure the best possible performance through the lifecycle of your system.
servicesoptimization assessment and technical trainingdistribution center operational excellence (dcoe)enterprise asset management systemfield service operationsmodernizations & upgradesremote servicesresident servicescustomer supportspare partstechnical support
services
optimization assessment and technical training
distribution center operational excellence (dcoe)
enterprise asset management system
field service operations
modernizations & upgrades
remote services
resident services
customer support
spare parts
technical support

aboutwe optimize your supply chaindematic is a leading supplier of integrated automated technology, software and services to optimize the supply chain.                                                        learn more about dematicdematic turns 200innovationthe kion groupsolutions expertiseleadershipiso 9001 certifiedcompliancesupplierscareers at dematiclife at dematicopen positionsour stories
we optimize your supply chaindematic is a leading supplier of integrated automated technology, software and services to optimize the supply chain.                                                        learn more
we optimize your supply chain
dematic is a leading supplier of integrated automated technology, software and services to optimize the supply chain.
about dematicdematic turns 200innovationthe kion groupsolutions expertiseleadershipiso 9001 certifiedcompliancesupplierscareers at dematiclife at dematicopen positionsour stories
about dematic
dematic turns 200
innovation
the kion group
solutions expertise
leadership
iso 9001 certified
compliance
suppliers
careers at dematic
life at dematic
open positions
our stories

blog
downloads & resourcesbrochurescase studiesebooks & white papersvideo
brochures
case studies
ebooks & white papers
video
news & eventsdematic in the newseventspress releasesvirtual tech tourswebinars
dematic in the news
events
press releases
virtual tech tours
webinars
careers
contact us
worldwide                                     asia pacificaustralia - englishindia - englishindonesia - englishkorea - englishmalaysia - englishnew zealand - englishphilipines - englishsingapore - englishtaiwan - englishthailand - englishvietnam - englishchinachina - 中国版europe/emeaaustria - deutschbelgium - françaisnederlandsdenmark - englishestonia - englishfinland - englishfrance - françaisgermany - deutschireland - englishitaly - italianolatvia - englishlithuania - englishnetherlands - nederlandsnorway - englishpoland - polskiportugal - portuguêsrussia - русскийsouth africa - englishspain - españolsweden - englishswitzerland - deutschunited kingdom - english uklatin americaargentina - españolbolivia - españolbrazil - portuguêschile - españolcolombia - españolcosta rica - españolecuador - españolpanama - españolparaguay - españolperu - españoluruguay - españolnorth americacanada - englishfrançaismexico - españolunited states - english
asia pacificaustralia - englishindia - englishindonesia - englishkorea - englishmalaysia - englishnew zealand - englishphilipines - englishsingapore - englishtaiwan - englishthailand - englishvietnam - englishchinachina - 中国版
asia pacific
australia - english
india - english
indonesia - english
korea - english
malaysia - english
new zealand - english
philipines - english
singapore - english
taiwan - english
thailand - english
vietnam - english
china
china - 中国版
europe/emeaaustria - deutschbelgium - françaisnederlandsdenmark - englishestonia - englishfinland - englishfrance - françaisgermany - deutschireland - englishitaly - italianolatvia - englishlithuania - englishnetherlands - nederlandsnorway - englishpoland - polskiportugal - portuguêsrussia - русскийsouth africa - englishspain - españolsweden - englishswitzerland - deutschunited kingdom - english uk
europe/emea
austria - deutsch
belgium - françaisnederlands
denmark - english
estonia - english
finland - english
france - français
germany - deutsch
ireland - english
italy - italiano
latvia - english
lithuania - english
netherlands - nederlands
norway - english
poland - polski
portugal - português
russia - русский
south africa - english
spain - español
sweden - english
switzerland - deutsch
united kingdom - english uk
latin americaargentina - españolbolivia - españolbrazil - portuguêschile - españolcolombia - españolcosta rica - españolecuador - españolpanama - españolparaguay - españolperu - españoluruguay - españolnorth americacanada - englishfrançaismexico - españolunited states - english
latin america
argentina - español
bolivia - español
brazil - português
chile - español
colombia - español
costa rica - español
ecuador - español
panama - español
paraguay - español
peru - español
uruguay - español
north america
canada - englishfrançais
mexico - español
united states - english

privacy policy
dematic commitment to data privacy protection
welcome to the dematic’s privacy notice. dematic is a worldwide provider of automated material handling systems/solutions with intralogistics and ergonomic designs that optimises customer capability. dematic is predominantly a business-to-business provider of products and services.
dematic respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. this privacy notice will inform you as to how we look after your personal data when you engage with dematic directly or via our website (regardless of where you visit it from) and tell you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.
1. important information on who we are
purpose of this privacy notice
this privacy notice aims to give you information on how dematic collects and processes your personal data, including any data you may provide through our website.
it is important that you read this privacy notice together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide on specific occasions when we are collecting or processing personal data about you so that you are fully aware of how and why we are using your data. this privacy notice supplements the other notices and is not intended to override them.
name and contact data of the controller
where dematic is the controller and responsible for your personal data, this privacy notice is issued on behalf of the dematic group so when we mention [”dematic group”], “we”, “us” or “our” in this privacy notice, we are referring to kion group ag and its subsidiary businesses responsible for processing your data. we will let you know which entity will be the controller for your data when you purchase a product and/or service with us.
name and contact details of our data protection officer and representatives in the eu
we have appointed a data protection officer (dpo) who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. he is also acting as representatives of us acting as controller or processor not established in the union. if you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact the dpo using the details set out below.
you have the right to make a complaint at any time to the relevant national regulatory body. we would, however, appreciate the chance to deal with your concerns before you approach the ico so please contact the dpo in the first instance.
third party links
this website may include links to third-party websites, plug-ins and applications. clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. we do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. when you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy notice of every website you visit.
2. the data we collect about you
personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. it does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).
we may collect, use, store and transfer different kinds of personal data about you during your relationship with us, however we acknowledge that, as most of our transactions are business to business, the personal data we collect will be minimal. we have identified types of data as follows:
identity data includes first name, maiden name, last name, username or similar identifier, marital status, title, date of birth and gender;
contact data includes billing address, delivery address, email addresses and telephone numbers;
transaction data includes details about payments to and from you and other details of products and services you have purchased from us;
technical data includes internet protocol (ip) address, your login data, browser type and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform and other technology on the devices you use to access this website;
profile data includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback and survey responses;
usage/systems data includes information about how you use our website, products and/or services, how you use our products and services in a live working environment;
marketing and communications data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
we also collect, use and share aggregated data such as statistical or operational data for any purpose. aggregated data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. for example, we may aggregate your systems data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific picking station feature. however, if we combine or connect aggregated data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.
we do not collect any special categories of personal data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health and genetic and biometric data). nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offences.
3. how is your personal data collected?
we use different methods to collect data from and about you including through:
direct interactions. you may give us your identity, contact and/or financial data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, emails or otherwise. this includes personal data you provide when you engage with dematic.
automated technologies or interactions. as you interact with our website, we may automatically collect technical data and/or systems data about products and/or services used, your browsing actions and patterns. we collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs or other similar technologies.
4. how we use your personal data
we will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:
where we need to perform the contract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you or your employer (or business / organisation on whose behalf you act in any capacity); the vast majority of dematic’s transactions are business to business, as such most of the personal data in our possession will be limited to identity data and contact data and we will only use this data as necessary for legitimate interests as we perform our contractual obligations.
where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests; and/or
where we need to comply with a contractual, legal and/or regulatory obligation.
generally we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to marketing communications. you have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time by contacting the dpo.
purposes based on legitimate interest for which we will use your personal data
we may use your personal data in connections with any of the following (or combination of the following) purposes based on legitimate interest:
marketing:
we strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. we have established a process that we will follow should we use your personal data for marketing purposes and to this extent we will seek consent.
optimisation of your databases:
when you access our web sites, we may automatically (i.e. not by registration) collect non-personal data (e.g. type of internet browser and operating system used, domain name of the web site from which you came, number of visits, average time spent on the site, pages viewed). we may use this data and share it with our worldwide affiliates to monitor the attractiveness of our web sites and improve their performance or content.
systems data can be used to quality check, understand and develop products and services. in the vast majority of cases, this will be aggregated data such as statistical or operational data for any purpose connected to dematic’s obligation to provide products and services. aggregated data may be derived from personal data but will be anonymised. should there be any situation where it is not possible to anonymise we will only use this data as necessary for legitimate interests as we perform our contractual obligations.
"cookies" – information stored automatically on your computer:
when you view one of our web sites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a "cookie" to automatically recognize your pc next time you visit. cookies can help us in many ways, for example, by allowing us to tailor a web site to better match your interests or to store your password to save you having to re-enter it each time. if you do not wish to receive cookies, please configure your internet browser to erase all cookies from your computer's hard drive, block all cookies or to receive a warning before a cookie is stored.
links to other web sites
dematic web sites contain links to other web sites. dematic is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of other web sites.
change of purpose
we will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it, unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. if you wish to get an explanation as to how the processing for the new purpose is compatible with the original purpose, please contact the dpo.
if we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.
5. disclosures of your personal data
we require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal data for their own purposes and only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.
6. international transfers
we share your personal data within the kion group. this will involve transferring your data outside the european economic area (eea).
we ensure your personal data is protected by requiring all our group companies to follow the same rules when processing your personal data. these rules are called “binding corporate rules”. for further details, see european commission: binding corporate rules.
whenever we transfer your personal data out of the eea, we ensure a similar degree of protection is afforded to it by ensuring at least one of the following safeguards is implemented:
we will only transfer your personal data to countries that have been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection for personal data by the european commission. for further details, see european commission: adequacy of the protection of personal data in non-eu countries.
where we use providers based in the us, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the privacy shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between the europe and the us. for further details, see european commission: eu-us privacy shield.
please contact the dpo if you want further information on the specific mechanism used by us when transferring your personal data out of the eea.
7. data security
we have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way, altered or disclosed. in addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors and other third parties who have a business need to know. they will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.
we have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.
8. data retention
how long will you use my personal data for?
we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.
to determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.
where by law we have to keep basic information including, but not limited to, contact, identity, financial and transaction data for six years after fulfilling the purposes for which we collected it for tax purposes, we will retain for 6 years.
in some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data, by writing to us and asking us to delete the information.
in some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
9. your legal rights
under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. your rights include:
request access to your personal data.
request correction of your personal data.
request erasure of your personal data.
object to processing of your personal data.
request restriction of processing your personal data.
request transfer of your personal data.
right to withdraw consent.
if you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact the dpo.
no fee usually required
you will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). however, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive or excessive. alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.
what we may need from you
we may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). this is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. we may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.
time limit to respond
we try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made a number of requests. in this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.
10. modifications to this notice
dematic reserves the right to modify this notice by posting changes to the website.  if you submit additional personal information following the effective date of a modified notice, your personal information will be handled in accordance with the notice in effect at that time.
11. jurisdiction
data protection legislation:  shall include all applicable privacy and data protection laws including the general data protection legislation ((eu) 2016/679) (gdpr) and any applicable national implementing laws, regulations and secondary legislation relating to the processing of personal data and the privacy of electronic communications, as amended, replaced or updated from time to time, including the privacy and electronic communications directive (2002/58/ec) and the privacy and electronic communications (ec directive) regulations 2008 (si2003/2426).
where an issue arises, the following principle shall be adhered to - if both parties (being the dematic group entity and the data subject) have their registered seat in the same jurisdiction, the relevant data protection law and regulations for that jurisdiction will be complied with by both parties. or, if both parties have their registered seat in different jurisdictions the data protection law and regulations shall be in accordance with english law.
12. additonal privacy rights
you may have additional rights available to you under applicable laws:
united states – if you are located in the united states, then you may have a right to understand how dematic collects your biometric data by reviewing dematic’s biometric information privacy policy.
california - if you are a california resident, you can learn more about your consumer privacy rights by reviewing dematic’s privacy notice for california residents.
mexico – if you are located within mexico, then you may have a right to understand your further rights available to you by reviewing dematic’s méxico privacy notice.
start a conversation
dematic modular solutions produce a strong return on investment. connect with a dematic representative and we will help you find the right solution for your business or answer any questions you may have.
get in touch
complete a brief form and we will get right back to you.
phone
give us a call, we would love to hear from you.
1-877-725-7500
industries
solutions by function
products
dematic iq software
customer services
customer support
about dematic
news & events
careers at dematic
contact
follow dematic




power the future of commerce
