privacy policy
deviqa solutions and its affiliates (collectively, the “deviqa,” “we,” or “us”) wants you to be familiar with how we collect, use and disclose information.  this privacy policy describes our practices in connection with information that we collect: through websites operated by us from which you are accessing this privacy policy (the “websites”), through our social media pages located at:
https://www.linkedin.com/company/deviqa/
https://twitter.com/deviqasolutions
https://www.facebook.com/deviqasolutions/
through html-formatted email messages that we send to you that link to this privacy policy.
collectively, we refer to the websites and our social media pages, as the “services”.
we collect personal data in strict accordance with the gdpr and other data protection and data privacy laws and use it for the sole purpose of operating more effectively and providing the best possible service.
we reserve the right to update and modify this privacy policy at any time and for any reason.
the date of the latest privacy policy update can be seen in the “last updated” line at the end of this page.
personal information
“personal information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual, including:
name
telephone number
email address
skype id
company where you work
personal information given to us during phone conversations, email correspondence, the use of our website (information gathered when you submit in our contact form
personal information which you provide us with while visiting our website, including:
technical information including the ip address which you use to connect to the internet;
your registration information;
the type and version of your browser;
your time-zone;
versions and information about your browser plugins;
your operating system and platform;
information about your visit, including visited urls;
your browsing history across our website;
information about the time and date when you visited our website;
services and pages that you saw and searched for;
time spent on each page;
page response time;
information on your activities on any page of our website (such as scrolling and mouse clicks or hovers);
ways in which you landed on pages as well as the phone number or social buttons you used to get in touch with us.
if you provide deviqa with data of/from third parties (such as their names, email addresses, phone numbers, etc.), you guarantee that you have the rights to do so.
third parties can opt-out of future messages by clicking the corresponding link in the original message or by getting in touch with us at [email protected]
in certain cases, deviqa and partner third-parties can automatically collect data using browser cookies, web logs, and other similar applications and attachments.
this information is used for analysis, improving convenience and efficiency of our website, and to help us provide you with relevant and interesting materials and offers.
what we do with your personal information
we process your personal information for the following reasons:
advertising and sales activities as well as presenting information about our services and products (in ways that we determine ourselves);
creating and executing contracts and agreements with you or your employer to:
provide services to clients and other users of these services;
receive goods and services from vendors;
control our relationship with clients, vendors, and other parties who use our services or products, wherein you or your employer can be the client, user, or vendor of goods and services for the aforementioned goals;
administering our website in accordance with the conditions stipulated in the agreement and for internal processing, including fixes of defects, data analysis, testing, investigating, and collecting statistics and surveys;
improving our website to provide content in the most effective way for you and the device you are using;
improving safety during your visit of our website and use of our products and services;
evaluation and understanding of the efficiency of the advertising that we display to you and other parties as well as displaying relevant advertising;
providing tips and recommendations on services which could be interesting to you or your employer in accordance with your preferences (where applicable).
usage of outbound links
deviqa’s website might include links that lead to other websites, websites that are controlled by parties we are not related or connected to. after clicking an outbound link we lose any control of collection, storage, or processing of your personal data that is transferred
the behavior of third-parties is also beyond the scope of our control, therefore deviqa is not responsible for the collection, storage, and processing of information you share with third-parties.
storage of personal information
cookie policy
the terms of deviqa’s use of cookie files to collect and process personal information are provided in our cookie policy. please read it.
our website uses cookie files to differentiate you from other users who visit the deviqa website. this helps us provide you with a better interaction with the website and make improvements to the website.
we also use cookie files in marketing emails (which will be delivered to you if you gave prior consent to this method of communication), to understand how our users respond to our marketing practices. this helps us build them according to your needs and improve our communication. we provide a list of specific cookie files that we use below.
if you would like to learn more about the way our websites use cookies, please email us at [email protected]
cookie files are data fragments that websites transfer to your hard drive for storage, sometimes to gather certain information about you. most browsers automatically accept cookie files, however, you can change your browser settings to prevent this from happening. this can be done via the help window or by following directions. however, after declining cookie files, you will not be able to use all the advantages and features available on our website.
cookie files are unique for the server which generated them and other servers cannot access them. this means that cookie files can’t be used to track your browsing activities throughout the internet.
even though these files help to identify the computer and/or device of a particular user, they do not identify them personally, store passwords, or credit card information.
you can learn more about cookie files at www.aboutcookies.org
google analytics
our website uses google analytics, a web analysis service of google, inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043 usa, www.google.com (“google analytics” or “google”). google analytics employs cookies that are stored to your computer in order to facilitate an analysis of your use of the site. the information generated by these cookies, such as time, place and frequency of your visits to our site, including your ip address, is transmitted to google’s location in the us and stored there.
in using google analytics our website employs the extension “anonymizeip”. in doing so, google abbreviates and thereby anonymizes your ip address before transferring it from eu/eea member states. google uses this information to analyze your use of our site, to compile reports for us on internet activity and to provide other services relating to our website.
google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law or where such third parties process this data on google’s behalf. google states that it will in never associate your ip address with other data held by google. you can prevent cookies from being installed by adjusting the settings on your browser software accordingly as noted elsewhere in this privacy policy. you should be aware, however, that by doing so you may not be able to make full use of all the functions of our website.
google analytics also offers a deactivation add-on for most current browsers that provides you with more control over what data google can collect on websites you access. the add-on tells the javascript (ga.js) used by google analytics not to transmit any information about website visits to google analytics. however, the browser deactivation add-on offered by google analytics does not prevent information from being transmitted to us or to other web analysis services we may engage.
google analytics also uses electronic images known as web beacons (sometimes called single pixel gifs) and are used along with cookies to compile aggregated statistics to analyze how our site is used.
you can find additional information on how to install the browser add-on referenced above at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en.
for the cases in which personal data is transferred to the us, google has self-certified pursuant to the eu-us privacy shield (https://www.privacyshield.gov/eu-us-framework).
remarketing
deviqa also uses 3rd party vendor re-marketing tracking cookies, including the google adwords tracking cookie. this means we will continue to show ads to you across the internet, specifically on the google content network (gcn). as always we respect your privacy and are not collecting any identifiable information through the use of google’s or any other 3rd party remarketing system.
the third-party vendors, including google, whose services we use - will place cookies on web browsers in order to serve ads based on past visits to our website. - third party vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to your website. this allows us to make special offers and continue to market our services to those who have shown interest in our service.
last updated: [february 19, 2019]
write for us
