home
solutions overviewfeed management                                                                                                               tmr trackerbeef trackerfeed mixer scales- indicator options- cab control- accessoriesrf datalinkspreader scale systemsrate controlnutrient trackergrain cart weighing systemsscale linkautomated seed weighing systemlivestock weighing systems
overview
feed management                                                                                                               tmr trackerbeef trackerfeed mixer scales- indicator options- cab control- accessoriesrf datalink
tmr tracker
beef tracker
feed mixer scales- indicator options- cab control- accessories
- indicator options
- cab control
- accessories
rf datalink
spreader scale systemsrate controlnutrient tracker
rate control
nutrient tracker
grain cart weighing systems
scale link
automated seed weighing system
livestock weighing systems
products overviewaccessorieshydraulic weighing systemsindicatorslegacy productsload cellsnir solutionspackagesremote displayssoftware / data transfer
overview
accessories
hydraulic weighing systems
indicators
legacy products
load cells
nir solutions
packages
remote displays
software / data transfer
support
online store view all store itemsanimal feedingstockweighharvest solutionsniraccessories
view all store items
animal feeding
stockweigh
harvest solutions
nir
accessories
shopping cart
topcon ag online store: privacy policy
also see: data collection  policy
digi-star llc. ("digi-star") values your interest in learning more about our organization and we are committed to protecting the personal privacy of the visitors to www.topconagstore.com (the "site").  our privacy policy explains the information we collect, why we collect it and how we use it.    to provide you with greater access of information, the site also contains links to other sites. while we hope these organizations join us in respecting your privacy, digi-star is not responsible for the content or privacy practices of these other web sites.
by using the site, you signify your assent to the digi-star's privacy policy. if you do not agree to this policy, please do not use our site. your continued use of the site following the posting of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
information collectedinformation that you give us: it is our policy to not collect personally identifiable information about individuals except when such individuals specifically provide such information on a voluntary basis.
server log information: when you visit any web site certain information is automatically provided to the webserver, this information includes your web-browser type (e.g. chrome, safari, internet explorer or firefox), your internet protocol address (ip address), the webpage that you are requesting, the time of the request and the date.  this information is recorded in our server logs.    cookies and anonymous identifiers: you also should be aware that non-personal information and data may be automatically collected through the standard operation of digi-star's internet servers or through the use of "cookies." cookies are small text files a web site can use to recognize repeat users, facilitate the user's ongoing access to and use of the site and allow a site to track usage behavior and compile aggregate data that will allow content improvements. cookies are not programs that come onto a user's system and damage files. generally, cookies work by assigning a unique number to the user that has no meaning outside the assigning site. if you do not want information collected through the use of cookies, there is a simple procedure in most browsers that allows the user to deny or accept the cookie feature; however, users should note that cookies may be necessary to provide the user with certain features (e.g., customized delivery of information) available on the site.
how we use collected information      personally identifiable information on individual users will not be sold or otherwise transferred to unaffiliated third parties without the approval of the user at the time of collection. our use of any personally identifiable information will be limited to our activities that are necessary for us to administer our organization and provide you with requested services.          we collect ip addresses and related information for the purpose of tracking information and to compile statistics to help us improve and administer the site so that its users will find it more helpful and informative. the information is used solely for these analytical purposes. ip address information is not distributed to third parties.
information you share      some portions of the site provide the opportunity to share information with others.  when you voluntarily disclose personally identifiable information (e.g., user name, e-mail address) on discussion lists and/or bulletin board areas of the site, that information, along with any other information disclosed in your communication (e.g. your comment or post), can be collected and correlated and used by third parties and may result in unsolicited messages from other posters or third parties. such activities are beyond the control of digi-star.
information we share      digi-star may disclose user information in special cases when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of digi-star, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
we provide personal information to our affiliates or other trusted businesses or persons to process it for us, based on our instructions and in compliance with our privacy policy and any other appropriate confidentiality and security measures.
we may share aggregated, non-personally identifiable information publicly and with our partners (like publishers or connected sites). for example, we may share information publicly to show trends about the general use of the site.
changes      the foregoing policies are effective as of december 2012. digi-star reserves the right to change this policy at any time by notifying users of the existence of a new privacy statement. this statement and the policies outlined herein are not intended to and do not create any contractual or other legal rights in or on behalf of any party.          if you have any questions or comments about our web site privacy practices, you can contact taasales@topcon.com.
site hosted & maintained by usagnet
