tls/ssl certificates	 tls/ssl certificates overviewpro tls/ssl certificatesbusiness tls/ssl certificatesbasic tls/ssl certificatesmulti-domain certificateswildcard certificatescompare certificatescertcentral: tls/ssl managerservicenow integrationdigicert smart sealmalware scanning servicect log monitoringvulnerability & pci scandigital certificatesverified mark certificates (vmc)document signing certificatescode signing certificatespost-quantum certificatesclient (s/mime) certificatespsd2 certificateseu qualified certificatesprofessional servicestls certification program digicert smart sealfinally a seal that works smarterlearn more
digicert smart seal
finally a seal that works smarter
pki & iot trust	 digicert enterprise pki managersecure email (s/mime)secure network access (vpn)secure smart cardssecure devicesdigicert secure software managerdigicert document signing​ managerwhat is pki?professional servicesdigicert iot device managermatter iot device certificationiot of healthcareindustrial iotsmart city iotiot home & consumeriot for transportationsecurity solution for 5g network taming identity, device and certificate sprawl webinarlearn more
taming identity, device and certificate sprawl webinar
partners	 digicert partner networkdigicert partner program for pki & iot trustbecome a pki & iot trust partnerdigicert partner program for tls/sslbecome a tls/ssl resellertls/ssl partner directorydigicert technology partner programbecome a technology partnerindustry partnershipsci plus partnership built on trust eonti & digicert are eliminating iot security blind spotswatch now
partnership built on trust
eonti & digicert are eliminating iot security blind spots
support	 supportsupportpki supporttoolstools: ssl install diagnostictools: certificate utility for windowstools: csr creatortools: check csrtools: ssl certificate installation instructionresourcesblogdocumentationapi documentationknowledgebasefaqwhat is an ssl certificate?what is ssl, tls & https?what’s the difference between dv, ov & ev ssl certificates?how tls/ssl works? contact our support teamtechnical support chat >validation chat >sales chat >americas1.877.438.8776 (toll free us and canada)1.520.477.31021.801.701.9601 (spanish)1.800.579.2848 (enterprise only)1.801.769.0749 (enterprise only)europe, middle east africa+44.203.788.7741asia pacific, japan+61.3.9674.5500email salesemail support
contact our support team
contact us
language
choose your languageenglishespañoldutchdeutschfrançaisitalianochinese (simplified)chinese (traditional)japanesekoreanportuguês
choose your language
english
español
dutch
deutsch
français
italiano
chinese (simplified)
chinese (traditional)
japanese
korean
português
talk to a support representative at any timeamericas1.877.438.8776 (toll free us and canada)1.520.477.31021.801.701.9601 (spanish)1.800.579.2848 (enterprise only)1.801.769.0749 (enterprise only)europe, middle east africa+44.203.788.7741asia pacific, japan+61.3.9674.5500email salesemail support
talk to a support representative at any time




digicert public privacy notice

public privacy notice in other languages
english - united states | français – france | français – canada | deutsch – deutschland | español – españa | español – méxico |italiano – italia | 日本語 – 日本 | 한국어 – 한국 | português – brasil | русский — россия | 简体中文 – 中国 | 中文 – 台湾
effective date
february 13, 2020privacy notice archive
introduction
digicert, inc. and its subsidiaries (“digicert”, “digicert group,” “we” or “us”) are committed to protecting the privacy of its website visitors (“you”) and customers (“you” or “customer”) and employees or agents of customers (“you” or “individuals”). as a result, digicert has promulgated this privacy notice to inform its website visitors, customers and individuals about how digicert will collect, use, share or otherwise process any personal data or usage information. this privacy notice applies to all sites owned and operated by digicert (collectively, “websites,” individually referred to as a “website,” meaning each and every website owned and operated by digicert). this privacy notice also applies to digicert’s provision of website and other certificate services and all dealings with natural-person representatives of our customers (the “validation services” or “certificates”).
digicert is a company established in the united states with principal offices at 2801 north thanksgiving way, suite 500, lehi, utah 84043 and for the purpose of the eu general data protection regulation (“gdpr”) and any other applicable data privacy laws, we are the data controller of personal information obtained through our website. we are also a data controller in relation to the individuals’ personal information that we receive from customers, either directly or through resellers.
if you have any concerns or questions regarding the personal data we process through our website or through providing services to our customers, you may contact digicert’s data privacy officer at dpo@digicert.com. if you are an eu or switzerland resident, we have appointed a data protection liaison for europe at digicert ireland ltd. as our europe representative who you can contact (in addition to or instead of our data privacy officer, located at our us headquarters) should you have any issues in connection with personal information processed through our website. contact details for the data privacy officer and europe data protection liaison are provided below.information that digicert receives
through our website: digicert collects information such as the name, organization, and email address of website visitors and customers who voluntarily submit that information via our website, email, instant chat, by creating an account or otherwise, in order to download software or to submit sales or technical support questions.
from customers: customers request digicert certificates through their account in digicert’s website (the “account”) or through other contact with digicert or its resellers. when submitting a request, customers typically provide to digicert the following information about individuals: name, email address, telephone number, address and government-issued identification (which may include additional information, depending on the identification used). specific information about personal data required for particular digicert services and products may be found in digicert’s certification practices statement.where customers share personal information of individuals with digicert, customers represent that they have collected and processed such information in accordance with data privacy laws, and that they have duly informed the individuals that their personal information was provided to digicert. digicert will process such information following customer instructions as well as according to the industry standards that govern the issuance of digital certificates (“industry standards”). more information on the industry standards may be found through consulting digicert’s certification practices statement.
from candidates for employment: interested persons submit personal information relevant to a job inquiry or application for employment. candidates for employment can find specific information about how we use personal information provided to us in this context in our candidate portal privacy notice.
use of information
we will use your information to:
provide products and services / live chat / sales & support: as it is in our legitimate interest to market, sell and provide our products and services, send order confirmations, respond to customer service requests, provide chat services with sales questions and technical support needs, and fulfill your order, including using the information to verify the identity of the customer or to contact the customer in order to discuss support, renewal, and the purchase of products and services.
marketing: we will use your information as it is in our legitimate interests to send out promotional emails (subject to seeking your consent where required by applicable law). these emails include beacons that communicate information about the email back to digicert, as further set out in cookie settings such tracking allows digicert to gauge the effectiveness of its advertising and marketing campaigns. recipients can opt-out of receiving promotional communications from digicert by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in each email or by emailing privacy@digicert.com. digicert may use third parties, with which it has a confidentiality agreement, to send promotional emails on our behalf. however, digicert does not permit any third party to use customer information provided by digicert or obtained on digicert’s behalf for any other purpose. anyone receiving an unsolicited email related to digicert’s products and services should forward the entire message and headers to privacy@digicert.com.
validation services: digicert uses information provided by customers to perform validation services, in accordance with industry standards. digicert uses this information as follows: (1) to perform our contracts with customers that are natural persons; (2) based on the legitimate interest of digicert to provide services to customers that are legal entities; and (3) based on the legitimate interest of customers to have digicert issue certificates.please refer to digicert’s master services agreement and certification practices statement for details on the terms, conditions, policies and standards regarding the request and issuance of certificates.
advisory e-mails: while a customer account is active, digicert will send advisory e-mails to customers to provide support and security updates in relation to our products and services, as this is necessary for the performance of our contracts with customers. advisory emails are used to respond to inquiries, provide support and validation services, provide upgrade information and security updates, inform customers about expiring certificates, and inform the customer about ordered products and services. because advisory emails contain essential information related to the use and security of digicert’s products and services, customers are not able to unsubscribe from advisory service emails while their customer account is active. digicert may also use third-party service providers to assist in sending these communications, subject to the same restrictions as mentioned in the “marketing” sub-heading, above.
technical usage information: as it is in our legitimate interests to ensure the proper functioning of our website by personalizing its use, monitoring usage activity and trends, and keeping the website safe and secure, when you visit the website, we collect the information sent to us by your computer, mobile phone, or other access device. this information includes: your ip address; device information including, but not limited to, identifier, name, and type of operating system; mobile network information; and standard web information, such as your browser type and the pages you access on our website.
customer analytics: it is in our legitimate interest to analyze information provided by our customers to track sales, demographics, product usage and related analytics so that we can improve our product offerings and target marketing and sales resources. we create reports and data analyses that are reported internally and occasionally shared with third-party service providers, who are under a duty of strict confidentiality and who are not authorized to use information provided by us for any other purpose than to provide services as directed by us.
cookies & tracking technologies
digicert uses cookies, web beacons and log files to automatically gather, analyze, and store technical information about website visitors. see cookie settings for more information.
sharing with third parties
digicert will publicly disclose information embedded in an issued certificate as necessary to provide the services contracted by customer, in accordance with industry standards.(see our certification practices statement for information specific to the various services and products offered by digicert.)
when performing its services, digicert uses third party sources to confirm or supplement the information that it obtains from a customer, including information about individuals. digicert uses such information from third-party sources exclusively for the purposes of its validation services, based on the legitimate interests of digicert and of the customer to provide services and have a certificate issued.
digicert never sells or provides personal information to third parties for uses apart from assisting digicert in servicing our customers and website visitors. we will share your personal information with third parties including these categories of recipients:
it service providers that provide us with saas services including customer relationship management and other database and application software;
marketing providers, advertisers and advertising networks that require the data to send you advertisements about our products and select and serve relevant advertisements to you and others;
analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimization of the website;
chat-based support software services that allow users to input information, including an email address, to request support and clarify their problem; and
credit card and payment providers that help process payments for us (note that we do not store any provided credit card information).
digicert will share your information with law enforcement agencies, public authorities or other organizations if legally required to do so, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements, or if we have a good faith belief that such use is reasonably necessary to:
comply with a legal obligation, process or request;
enforce our terms and conditions and other agreements, including investigation of any potential violation thereof;
detect, prevent or otherwise address security, fraud or technical issues; or
protect the rights, property or safety of us, our users, a third party or the public as required or permitted by law.
digicert will also disclose your information to third parties:
in the event that we sell any business or assets, in which case we will disclose your data to the prospective buyer of such business or assets; or
if we or substantially all of our assets are acquired by a third party, in which case information held by us about our users will be one of the transferred assets.
referrals
if you choose to use our referral service to tell a friend about our website, we will ask you for your friend’s name and email address. we will automatically send your friend a one-time email inviting them to visit the site. digicert collects this information for the sole purpose of sending this one-time email and tracking success of the referral program.if you believe that one of your contacts has provided digicert with your personal information, you may contact us at privacy@digicert.com to request that we remove this information from our database.
blogs
our website offers publicly accessible blogs or community forums. any information you provide in these areas can be read, collected, and used by others who access them.
to request removal or your personal information from our blog or community forums, please contact us at privacy@digicert.com. in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why, as well as additional contact information when applicable.
social media widgets
the website includes social media features, such as a facebook “like” button and widgets, as well as share buttons or interactive mini-programs. these features collect the user’s ip address, the pages visited on the website, and set cookies to enable the features to function properly. social media features are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on the website. interactions with these features are governed by the privacy notice of the corresponding social media company.
security
the security of your personal information is of the utmost importance to digicert. digicert only transmits personal information, including sensitive information (such as credit cards), using transport layer security (tls, formerly referred to as secure sockets layer or ssl). to learn more about tls, follow this link: https://www.digicert.com/what-is-an-ssl-certificate.
unfortunately, no method of transmission over the internet or electronic storage is 100% secure. while digicert strives to use commercially acceptable standards to protect personal information, digicert cannot guarantee absolute security. if you have any questions about the security of your personal information, please contact us at dpo@digicert.com.
we take all necessary security and legal precautions to ensure the safety and integrity of the individuals’ personal data that we receive from customer, including, as appropriate, (i) the pseudonymization of personal data; (ii) ensuring the ongoing confidentiality, integrity, availability and resilience of processing systems and services; (iii) restoring the availability and access to personal data in a timely manner in the event of a physical or technical incident; and (iv) regularly testing, assessing, and evaluating the effectiveness of technical and organizational measures for ensuring the security of the processing. more information about digicert’s security practices can be found here and here.
where we store your data
the digicert group has its parent company based in the united states and our website is hosted in the united states. therefore, if you are located outside the united states, the information that you submit to us through our website will be transferred to the united states. furthermore, digicert performs validation services for the emea region in its office in south africa and provides hosting services for certain products in australia and japan. accordingly, depending on your location and the products you are using, customer data and your personal data will be accessible from and transferred to the united states, south africa, australia, ireland, india and japan.
where you have a question, dispute or complaint regarding digicert’s collection, storage, or use of your personal information, you may ask a question or make a complaint to digicert by sending it to privacy@digicert.com. if you are an eu or switzerland resident, where the dispute or complaint is not satisfactorily resolved or you do not receive a timely response, you may escalate the matter to your european data protection authority free of charge, and digicert commits to cooperate with the relevant european data protection authority and will comply with the advice given by this authority with regard to your information which was transferred from the european union or switzerland in the context of this website or through digicert’s provision of services. you may also contact our u.s.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. for eu or switzerland residents, such complaint is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with the data protection supervisory authority in the country in which you live or work.
individual rights over personal information
generally, a customer or individual can review, delete inaccuracies, and update personal information through their digicert account interface by accessing and editing their account profile through the digicert service platform they are using. information and help in accessing and editing the account profile can be obtained by contacting digicert support at support@digicert.com or through the phone numbers provided below.
in certain circumstances and where legally available or required in your jurisdiction, individuals also have the following rights:
access and portability: you have the right to know whether we process personal data about you, and if we do, to access data we hold about you and certain information about how we use it and who we share it with.
correction, erasure and restriction of processing: you have the right to require us to correct any personal data held about you that is inaccurate and have incomplete data completed or ask us to delete data (i) where you believe it is no longer necessary for us to hold the personal data; (ii) where we are processing your data on the basis of our legitimate interest and you object to such processing; or (iii) if you believe the personal data we hold about you is being unlawfully processed by us. you can ask us to restrict processing data we hold about you other than for storage purposes if you believe the personal data is not accurate (whilst we verify accuracy); where we want to erase the personal data as the processing we are doing is unlawful but you want us to continue to store; where we no longer need the personal data for the purposes of the processing but you require us to retain the data for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims or where you have objected to us processing personal data and we are considering your objection.customers and individuals cannot edit a digicert certificate directly. in order to update information in a certificate, including personal information, customers or individuals must submit a change request through the customer’s account, and digicert will implement the edits or issue a new certificate where applicable. if you have questions about how to submit a change request to your certificate, please contact digicert support at support@digicert.com or through the phone numbers provided below.
customers and individuals cannot edit a digicert certificate directly. in order to update information in a certificate, including personal information, customers or individuals must submit a change request through the customer’s account, and digicert will implement the edits or issue a new certificate where applicable. if you have questions about how to submit a change request to your certificate, please contact digicert support at support@digicert.com or through the phone numbers provided below.
objection: you have the right to object to our processing of data about you and we will consider your request. please contact privacy@digicert.com with details of your objection, providing us with detail as to your reasoning so that we can assess whether we have a compelling or overriding interest in continuing to process such data or whether we need to process it in relation to legal claims.
testimonials: with prior permission from the customer, digicert displays personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. customers wishing to update or delete a testimonial should contact digicert at privacy@digicert.com.
marketing: you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. you can exercise your right to prevent such processing at any time by contacting us at privacy@digicert.com.
complaints: in the event that you wish to make a complaint about how we process your personal data, please contact us in the first instance at privacy@digicert.com and we will endeavor to deal with your request. if you are an eu or switzerland resident, this is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with the data protection supervisory authority in the european country in which you live or work where you think we have infringed data protection laws.
you can exercise these rights by sending an email to privacy@digicert.com or by mailing digicert at the address listed in this notice. before we respond to your request, we will ask you to verify your identity. note that these rights may not apply in their entirety in your jurisdiction and are subject to the applicable law of the jurisdiction where you reside. where exercise of a particular data subject right is not required by law, your request will be handled on a case-by-case basis.
how long we store your data
we will retain your information as follows:
account data and data provided for validation services (including to send advisory e-mails): as long as the account is active, while a certificate remains unexpired, and in accordance with industry standards, which requires us to maintain the data for 7.5 to 10.5 years (depending on the type of certificate with which the data is associated) after account cancellation or certificate expiration. in addition, after account cancellation, we will keep this for as long as necessary to defend against legal claims, resolve disputes or enforce customer agreements.
data provided and collected for marketing and web experience customization purposes: until you notify us that you no longer want us to use your information for marketing and/or web experience customization purposes, by unsubscribing from any marketing email you receive, changing your cookie preferences through consulting our cookie settings, or by contacting privacy@digicert.com.
after we no longer have a legitimate basis for retaining your personal data, we may store your information in an aggregated and anonymized format.
eu-u.s. privacy shield and swiss-u.s. privacy shield
digicert participates in and has certified its compliance with the eu-u.s. privacy shield framework and the swiss-u.s. privacy shield framework. we are committed to subjecting all personal data received from european union (eu) member countries and switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each privacy shield framework, to the framework’s applicable principles. to learn more about the privacy shield frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the u.s. department of commerce’s privacy shield list, here: https://www.privacyshield.gov.
digicert is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each privacy shield framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. digicert complies with the privacy shield principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the eu and switzerland, including the onward transfer liability provisions.
with respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the privacy shield frameworks, digicert is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the u.s. federal trade commission. in certain situations, we may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our u.s.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request.
under certain conditions, more fully described on the privacy shield website here, https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=how-to-submit-a-complaint, you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
applicability
terms of use for software downloaded from digicert’s websites may override the terms of this privacy notice, with respect to use of the software.
our website includes links to third party websites whose privacy practices may differ from those of digicert. if you submit personal information to any of those websites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. we encourage you to carefully read the privacy policies of those third-party websites before you submit any information to those websites.
changes to this privacy notice
if we make material changes to our information practices, we will update this privacy notice and notify interested parties (e.g., by posting a notice on our home page or by emailing affected individuals). visitors should check the website regularly to be aware of changes. we encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices. revisions to the privacy notice are effective 30 calendar days after being posted, or as required by applicable law.
contact
please contact digicert or digicert’s europe data protection liaison with any questions or concerns about this privacy notice or our data collection practices:
digicert data privacy officer
by mail:
digicert, inc.attention: data privacy officer, aaron olsen2801 north thanksgiving waysuite 500lehi, utah 84043usa
by phone or fax:
toll free: 1-800-896-7973 (us & canada)direct: 1-801-701-9600fax toll free: 1-866-842-0223 (us & canada)fax direct: 801-705-0481
by email:dpo@digicert.com
europe data protection liaison
by mail:
digicert ireland ltd.attention: europe data protection liaison, richard hallunit 21, beckett waypark west business parkdublin 12ireland
by phone or fax:
phone:+353 1803 5400fax: +353 1861 7990
by email:
richard.hall@digicert.com
for assistance with technical difficulties, including problems with accessing or using your customer account, please email support@digicert.com.
as noted above, if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our u.s.-based third-party dispute resolution provider (free of charge) at https://feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request. for eu or switzerland residents, this is without prejudice to your right to launch a claim with the data protection supervisory authority in the country in which you live or work.

digicert legal repository
the digicert legal repository is available at: digicert legal repository
the most-trusted global provider of high-assurance tls/ssl, pki, iot and signing solutions.
the most-trusted global provider of high-assurance tls/ssl, pki, iot and signing solutions.


resources								   pr/news					   blog					   media library					   what is pki?					   what are ssl tls & https?
resources
pr/news
blog
media library
what is pki?
what are ssl tls & https?
company								   about					   careers					   events					   leadership					   history					   contact
company
about
careers
events
leadership
history
contact
my account								   knowledgebase					   documentation					   support					   developers					   faq					   all products					   tools					   site seals
my account
knowledgebase
documentation
support
developers
faq
all products
tools
site seals
solutions					   solutions for automation					   solutions for servicenow					   solutions for crypto					   solutions for ci/cd					   solutions for secure email					   solutions for code					   solutions for devices					   solutions for documents					   solutions for ci-plus
solutions
solutions for automation
solutions for servicenow
solutions for crypto
solutions for ci/cd
solutions for secure email
solutions for code
solutions for devices
solutions for documents
solutions for ci-plus

© 2022 digicert, inc. all rights reserved.legal repositorywebtrust auditsterms of useprivacy policyaccessibilitycookie settingsprivacy request form
© 2022 digicert, inc. all rights reserved.
