dronebase privacy policy
1. introduction
effective: february 24th, 2020
thank you for visiting dronebase.com. please read our terms of service and this privacy policy carefully, as you must agree to both documents in order to have permission to use our service. by using or accessing the service, you hereby consent that we will collect, use, and share your information as set forth below.
if you are a user covered by the eu’s general data protection regulation (“gdpr”), the controller of your personal information is dronebase, inc. with offices at 1620 26th st, ste 1000n, santa monica, ca 90404.
2. definitions
throughout this document, we may use certain words or phrases, and it is important that you understand the meaning of them. the following is a non-exhaustive list of definitions of words and phrases found in this document: dronebase, inc. (“dronebase”, “our”, “we” or “us”); our site; our service; or a combination of all or some of the preceding definitions, depending on the context in which the word is used refers to our company; “service” refers to the services that we provide through our site, including our drone services marketplace and our site itself; “site” refers to our website, www.dronebase.com; “user” refers to anyone who uses our service, including general visitors to our site; “you” refers to you, the person who is entering into this privacy policy.
3. information collected
we collect certain information from you when you sign up to our service that can be used to identify you, such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, telephone number, and any other information that we deem necessary for the purpose of providing you with our service or which you provide to us voluntarily. whenever you visit our site, we may collect additional information from you, such as your ip address, referring url, browser, operating system, cookie information, and internet service provider. without a subpoena, voluntary compliance on the part of your internet service provider, or additional records from a third party, this information alone cannot usually be used to identify you. the information we collect from you, to the extent that it is private, is disclosed only in accordance with our terms of service and/or this privacy policy.
4. cookies
“cookies” are a tracking technology we transfer to your browser or device. we assign a different cookie to each device that accesses our websites and allows us to recognize your browser or device and tell us how and when pages and features in our service are visited. you may be able to change the preferences in your browser, device, or application to limit the acceptance of cookies, but this may prevent you from taking advantage of some of our features. for instance, we use cookies to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
we use google adsense on our site, which in turn uses the doubleclick cookie on your computer. for more information on how you can block, delete, or disable these technologies, please review your browser or device settings.
5. use of your information
with your consent, dronebase may use your information to: enhance or improve user experience, our site, or our service; process transactions; or send e-mails about our site, our service, or to respond to inquiries.
for personal data that is subject to general data protection regulation 2016/679 (“gdpr”), we rely on several legal bases to process your data, which include (i) when you have given consent, which you may withdraw at any time by emailing support@dronebase.com; (ii) when data processing is necessary to perform a contract with you, such as the terms of use , and (iii) our legitimate business interests, such as but not limited to:
enhance the personalization, operation, and experience of our services, or site
enhance the personalization, operation, and experience of our services, or site
monitoring and enhancing the security of our site and information systems
monitoring and enhancing the security of our site and information systems
identify and prevent fraud
identify and prevent fraud
better understand how people interact with our websites
better understand how people interact with our websites
business transfers: we reserve the right to transfer any information we collect in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including any shares in the company) or any portion or combination of our products, services, businesses and/or assets. should such a transaction occur (whether a divestiture, merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, liquidation, or similar transaction or proceeding), we will use reasonable efforts to ensure that any transferred information is treated in a manner consistent with this privacy policy.
we may also share information with others in an aggregated or otherwise anonymized form that does not reasonably identify you directly as an individual.
although you are entering into an agreement with dronebase to disclose your information to us, we do use third party individuals and organizations to assist us, including contractors, web hosts, and others. throughout the course of our provision of our service to you, we may delegate our authority to collect, access, use, and disseminate your information. for example, our web host stores the information that you provide us, and we may hire outside contractors to perform maintenance or assist us in securing our website. it is therefore necessary that you grant the third parties we may use in the course of our business the same rights that you afford us under this privacy policy. for this reason, you hereby agree that for every authorization which you grant to us in this privacy policy, you also grant to any third party that we may hire, contract, or otherwise retain the services of for the purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, or otherwise improving or preserving our website or its underlying files or systems. you agree not to hold us liable for the actions of any of these third parties, even if we would normally be held vicariously liable for their actions, and that you must take legal action against them directly should they commit any tort or other actionable wrong against you.
6. sharing of your information
dronebase does not rent or sell your personal information to anyone. in some cases, we will share your information with others in the following ways:
with your consent: dronebase will always ask for your permission before sharing your information with third parties for purposes other than those described in our privacy policy.
with your consent: dronebase will always ask for your permission before sharing your information with third parties for purposes other than those described in our privacy policy.
our partners: dronebase partners with other companies and people to provide our service to you; our partners do not have any right to use the personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to facilitate the completion of a drone project or perform any other function that we believe in good faith is necessary to protect the security or proper functioning of our site or service. your information may be stored on our partners’ servers inside or outside of the united states.
our partners: dronebase partners with other companies and people to provide our service to you; our partners do not have any right to use the personal information we share with them beyond what is necessary to facilitate the completion of a drone project or perform any other function that we believe in good faith is necessary to protect the security or proper functioning of our site or service. your information may be stored on our partners’ servers inside or outside of the united states.
legal purposes: at times it may become necessary or desirable to dronebase, for legal purposes, to release your information in response to a request from a government agency or a private litigant. you agree that we may disclose your information to a third party where we believe, in good faith, that it is desirable to do so for the purposes of a civil action, criminal investigation, or other legal matter. in the event that we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy, we may elect to notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena, or we may attempt to quash it ourselves, but we are not obligated to do either. we may also proactively report you, and release your information to, third parties where we believe that it is prudent to do so for legal reasons, such as our belief that you have engaged in fraudulent activities. you release us from any damages that may arise from or relate to the release of your information to a request from law enforcement agencies or private litigants.
legal purposes: at times it may become necessary or desirable to dronebase, for legal purposes, to release your information in response to a request from a government agency or a private litigant. you agree that we may disclose your information to a third party where we believe, in good faith, that it is desirable to do so for the purposes of a civil action, criminal investigation, or other legal matter. in the event that we receive a subpoena affecting your privacy, we may elect to notify you to give you an opportunity to file a motion to quash the subpoena, or we may attempt to quash it ourselves, but we are not obligated to do either. we may also proactively report you, and release your information to, third parties where we believe that it is prudent to do so for legal reasons, such as our belief that you have engaged in fraudulent activities. you release us from any damages that may arise from or relate to the release of your information to a request from law enforcement agencies or private litigants.
7. accessing, editing, and removing your information
users can review and edit the personal information they have provided to us by logging into your account on the site and editing their account. you can delete your account by emailing support@dronebase.com.although most changes may occur immediately, information may still be stored in a web browser’s cache. we take no responsibility for stored information in your cache, or in other devices that may store information, and disclaim all liability of such. in addition, we may, from time to time, retain residual information about you in our backup and/or database. we may need to retain your data if legal requirements (e.g., gdpr or local data protection laws) prevent us from deleting your data. in such case, we agree to preserve the confidentiality of your data retained by us and we will only actively process such data after such date in order to comply with applicable laws.
8. data portability
if you live in the european economic area, united kingdom, and switzerland (“designated region”), you have several legal rights regarding your information as discussed below. you have the right to obtain a copy of your personal information that we hold on you (“right to data portability”).the right to data portability only applies to:
personal information you’ve provided to us.
personal information you’ve provided to us.
where we are processing your personal information because you have provided your consent, or under a contract with you.
where we are processing your personal information because you have provided your consent, or under a contract with you.
when processing is carried out by automated means.
when processing is carried out by automated means.
9. data retention
dronebase will retain your personal information for as long as your account is active or as needed to provide you services.  any customer data that we have access to shall be retained, stored, and deleted according to our agreement with our business customer. in some instances, we will delete or anonymize the information you provide to us after it is no longer needed.  we also keep information about you and your use of the service for long as it is necessary for our legitimate business interests, legal reasons (e.g., legal requirements to keep data), and to prevent harm to dronebase and/or its users, but we shall not keep your personal information for more than 7 years  after your account becomes inactive.
10. security measures
we take certain measures to enhance the security of our site and service, as it is in our interest to do so. however, we make no representations as to the security or privacy of your information. it is in our interest to keep our website secure, but we recommend that you use anti-virus software, firewalls, and other precautions to protect yourself from security threats.if we learn of a security systems breach, we may attempt to notify you via email, phone, physical mail so that you can take appropriate protective steps.
11. third party websites
dronebase may post links to third party websites on its site. these third party websites are not screened for privacy or security issues by dronebase, and you release us from any liability for the conduct of these third party websites. please be aware that this privacy policy, and any other policies in place, in addition to any amendments, does not create rights enforceable by third parties or require disclosure of any personal information relating to members of the service or site. dronebase bears no responsibility for the information collected or used by any advertiser or third party website. please review the privacy policy and terms of service for each site you visit through third party links.
12. commercial and non-commercial communications
by providing information to the site that forms the basis of communications with you, such as contact information, you waive all rights to file complaints concerning unsolicited e-mails from dronebase since, by providing such information, you agree to receive communications from us or anyone else covered under this privacy policy. however, you may unsubscribe from certain communications by notifying support@dronebase.com that you no longer wish to receive solicitations or information and we will remove you from the database.
13. information from children
we do not knowingly collect personal information from anyone under the age of 16. if you are under 16, please do not register for the service. if we learn that we have personal information from a child under age 16, we will delete that information. if you believe that a child under 16 may have provided us personal information, please contact us at support@dronebase.com
14. your california privacy rights
california civil code section 1798.83 permits users who are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.  in general, this information would include a list of the categories of personal information that was shared and the names and addresses of all third parties with which the business disclosed and shared information in the preceding calendar year.  to make such a request, please write to us at the following address: dronebase, inc., 1620 26th st, ste 1000n, santa monica, ca 90404.
15. international transfer
if you are located in the european union or other regions with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from u.s. law, please note that we may transfer information, including personal information, to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to the transfer of information to the u.s. or any other country in which we or our parent, subsidiaries, affiliates or service providers maintain facilities and the use and disclosure of information about you as described in this privacy policy
16. legal disclaimer
this service operates "as-is" and "as-available," without warranties of any other kind.  we are not responsible for events beyond our direct control.  this privacy policy is governed by the laws of the state of california, excluding conflicts of law principles. any legal actions against us arising out of or related to the service must be commenced in the county of los angeles in the state of california in the united states of america.
17. changes to this privacy policy
we may change this privacy policy from time to time. when we change this privacy policy, we will update the date at the top of the page.  if we make any material changes to this privacy policy, we will post a notice on the website or application notifying users of the changes. in some cases, we also may send an email notifying users of the changes.  you should check this website periodically to see if any recent changes to this privacy policy have occurred.
18. contacting us
this policy is part of the terms of use of the service and any use of the service is governed by those terms of use.  if you have any questions about this privacy policy, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this service, please contact us at contact@dronebase.com.
19. exercise my data subject rights
if you would like to access, review, update, rectify, or delete any personal information we hold about you, or exercise any other data subject right available to you under the eu general data protection regulation (gdpr), california consumer privacy act (ccpa), or under the eu-us privacy shield framework where applicable (see below), you can fill out this web form directly.
our privacy team will examine your request and respond to you as quickly as possible! some information may remain in our records after the deactivation of your account. please note that we may use any aggregated data derived from or incorporating your personal information after you update or delete it, but not in a manner that would identify you personally.
support center
have a question about dronebase services for your property or asset? or want to learn more about becoming a dronebase pilot? visit our faq.
pilot faq    customer faq
our blog
learn more about exclusive dronebase content, exclusive discounts, and industry news!
visit the dronebase blog
@flydronebase
home
what we do
technology
pilots
become a pilot
about us
blog
industries use cases
commercial real estate
property management
insurance
architecture, engineering & construction
residential real estate
wind
solar
other industries
customer faq
pilot faq
support

terms of service
privacy policy

copyright © dronebase 2022, all rights reserved
