productcaptureprocessinganalysisvirtual walkthroughground roboticsenterprise platformdrone operationsapp marketsupported drones
solutionsagricultureconstructionoil & gasrenewable energyutilityproperty managementroofinginspectionmining & quarriesprofessional serviceseducation
learnall resourceswebinarsebooksvideoscustomer storiesblogacademyeventssupport docscommunity forum
aboutcompany missioncontact salespartnerscareersdronedeploy.org
pricing
log in
sign up
log in
sign up
productcaptureprocessinganalysisvirtual walkthroughground roboticsenterprise platformdrone operationsapp marketsupported drones
capture
processing
analysis
virtual walkthrough
ground robotics
enterprise platform
drone operations
app market
supported drones
solutionsagricultureconstructionoil & gasrenewable energyutilityproperty managementroofinginspectionmining & quarriesprofessional serviceseducation
agriculture
construction
oil & gas
renewable energy
utility
property management
roofing
inspection
mining & quarries
professional services
education
learnall resourceswebinarsebooksvideoscustomer storiesblogacademyeventssupport docscommunity forum
all resources
webinars
ebooks
videos
customer stories
blog
academy
events
support docs
community forum
aboutmissioncontact salespartnerscareersdronedeploy.org
mission
contact sales
partners
careers
dronedeploy.org
pricing
privacy policy
explains what information we collect and why, how we use it, and what choice you have
we know that your privacy is important to you, and at dronedeploy, your privacy is important to us as well.  so is being transparent about how we gather, use, and share information about you.  this privacy policy is intended to help you understand:
personal information that we collect
how we use personal information
when we share personal information
your rights and choices
privacy shield notice
third-party services
how we protect your personal information
how we transfer the information that we collect internationally
children’s privacy
updates to this privacy policy
how to contact us
this privacy policy (this “policy”) describes the information we collect about you when you use our products, services, or otherwise communicate with us.  dronedeploy, inc. (“dronedeploy,” “we,” or “us”) refers to dronedeploy and our affiliates.  our web services, mobile solution, and all related applications, widgets, software, tools will be referred to in this policy as our “services”.
this policy also explains your choices about how we use your personal information, including how you can object to certain uses of the information, as well as how you can access or update certain information about you.  if you do not agree with this policy, please do not use our services.
“personal information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual, such as an individual's name, address, telephone number, or e-mail address.
1. personal information that we collect
we collect information about you either when you provide it to us on our website or through the use of our services, or in some cases, when other sources provide it to us.
a. personal information you provide to us
registration and profile information. when you create a dronedeploy account, we collect your name, company, address, e-mail address, telephone number and any additional information you choose to include in your profile.
payment details. when you register for our paid services, we collect your name and contact information, as well as your payment details, such as your payment card information or bank account details.  we do not store your payment details in our system and rely on our third-party payment processor to securely process payments.
user materials. when you engage with other users through the service, post comments on our forums, or upload imagery, map data, video, sensor data, telemetry data, location data and other content using our interactive functionality (the “user materials”), we collect your profile information and information about the user materials you choose to share with us.
event information. when you register to participate in a conference or event we organize, we may collect your name, contact information, and information about the event you attended.
communications. if you contact us directly or participate in a survey, we may receive additional personal information about you.  for example, when you contact our customer support team, we will receive your name, email address, the contents of a message or attachments that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide.  when you participate in a survey, we may also receive your contact details and your responses to our questions.  when we send you emails, we may track whether you open, click on or forward them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our services.  when you subscribe to any of our newsletters or mailing lists, we will collect certain personal information from you, such as your email address.
support information. when you request technical support services, we will process your contact information, such as name, email address, phone number and the country in which you are based as well as information on the reasons for your support request, and any additional information you may provide in that context.
if you do not provide your personal information when requested, you may not be able to use our services if that personal information is necessary to provide you with our services or if we are legally required to collect it.  where required by applicable law, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your personal information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so.
b. personal information we collect automatically
device information. we automatically receive personal information about the device and software you use to access our services, such as your ip address, your web browser type, operating system version, the nature of the device from which you are visiting the service (e.g., a personal computer or a mobile device), and the identifier for any handheld or mobile device that you may be using.  please see “information we collect via cookies” to learn more about our use of cookies.
location information. our service collects geolocation information when you use our mobile application.  this information may include your physical location, such as street address, latitude and longitude, and ip address, and the time of recording the location or the duration at that location.  please see “information we collect via cookies” to learn more about our use of cookies.
usage information. when you use the services, we automatically collect certain information about your use of the services, including the actions you take on our service, the website that you visited immediately prior to accessing any web-based service, and the content, features, and activities that you access in our service.  please see “information we collect via cookies” to learn more about our use of cookies.
uav information. when you operate an unmanned ground or aerial vehicle (“uav”) via the service, we automatically collect information about the flight or traversal, such as information identifying the vehicle, traversal or flight path, traversal or flight logs, location data, telemetry data and sensor data, where applicable.
images and video. when you operate a uav via the service, we also collect imagery, map data and video taken during the traversal or flight.
c. information we collect via cookies
when you use our services, we may automatically collect personal information about your use of the services, including via cookies, beacons, invisible tags, and similar technologies, in your browser and on emails sent to you.  cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters.  we may use both session cookies and persistent cookies.  a session cookie disappears after you close your browser.  a persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our services.  the below references to “cookies” include both cookies and similar technologies.
the information collected via cookies may include personal information, such as your ip address, web browser, device type, and the web pages that you visit just before or just after you use the services, as well as information about your interactions with the services, such as the date and time of your visit, and where you have clicked.
functional cookies.  some cookies are strictly necessary to make our services available to you.  for example, to provide login functionality.  we cannot provide you with the services without this type of cookie.  we may use our own functional cookies or use third-party cookies.
analytics cookies. we also use cookies for website and app analytics purposes in order to operate, maintain, and improve our services.  we may use our own analytics cookies or use third-party analytics providers to collect and process certain analytics data on our behalf.  in particular, we use google analytics to collect and process certain analytics data on our behalf.  google analytics helps us understand how you engage with our services.  you can learn about google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and opt out by downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout or via google’s ads settings or ad settings for mobile apps.
advertising cookies. we and our third-party partners use cookies to help us and our advertisers show you relevant advertising, as well as to present ads to you on sites that are not owned or operated by us to promote our services, articles or events.  the cookies are used to make advertising messages more relevant to you and your interests.  they also perform functions like preventing the same ad from continuously re-appearing.
our third-party partners, such as analytics partners, may use these technologies to collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different services.
d. personal information from other sources
we may receive information about you, including personal information, from third parties, and sources other than our services, such as our business customers and partners.  in addition, we use third-party software development kits (“sdks”) in order to connect with third-party service providers, through which we may exchange data in order to enable the functionality of our services.
if we combine or associate information from other sources with personal information that we collect through our services, we will treat the combined information as personal information in accordance with this policy.
2. how we use personal information
we use the personal information we collect for the following purposes:
providing the services. we use your personal information to operate, maintain, enhance, and provide features of our services, for instance to control the uav during a traverse or flight or to provide you with analyses of the images you have captured using the uav.
support. we use personal information to provide technical support, including diagnosing and resolving any issues you report.
fraud prevention. we use your personal information to keep our services secure and to identify and prevent fraud in the use of our services.
customer relationship management. we may process your personal information for customer relationship management purposes.
communicating with you. we may use your email address and other personal information as necessary to contact you for administrative purposes such as to provide information that you request, to respond to comments and questions, or to ask you to provide feedback and complete surveys.
understanding usage and improving the services. we use the information that we collect through the services to understand and analyze the usage trends and preferences of our users, to improve the services, and to develop new products, services, features, and functionalities.
marketing. we may process your personal information for marketing and advertising purposes, such as to develop and provide promotional materials and advertisements that may be relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you.
administrative and legal purposes. we may use your personal information to address any administrative or legal issues pertaining to dronedeploy, including but not limited to intellectual property infringement, defamation, rights of privacy issues, to enforce our terms of service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency.
aggregation. we may aggregate or otherwise de-identify personal information and use the resulting information for other business purposes, as permitted by applicable law.
other purposes. if we intend to use your personal information for other purposes, we will provide specific notice at the time the personal information is collected.
legal grounds for processing
depending on the country in which you are located, we will only process your personal information based on a valid legal ground, including when:
you give us consent to do so for a specific purpose;
we need it to provide you with the services, for example to provide technical support you requested;
we need it to comply with a legal obligation, for instance to comply with a court order; or
we or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your personal information.  in particular, we have a legitimate interest in using your personal information for development and internal analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security, and performance of our services.  we only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your personal information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.  when we are using your information because we or a third party have a legitimate interest to do so, you may have the right to object to that use.
3. when we share personal information
we may disclose information to third parties if you consent to us doing so, as well as in the following circumstances:
to our third-party service providers who provide services such as website hosting, data analysis, information technology and related infrastructure provision, customer service, email delivery, auditing, payments processing and other services.  we limit the personal information provided to these service providers to that which is reasonably necessary for them to perform their functions, and we require them to agree to maintain the confidentiality of such personal information.
to other users of our services, where you choose to share user materials with other users or in public areas of our service (e.g., content that you post on https://forum.dronedeploy.com/).  we are not responsible for the other users’ use of available information, so you should carefully consider whether and what to share with others using our services.
if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with applicable laws, in response to a court order, judicial or other government subpoena or warrant, or to otherwise cooperate with law enforcement or other governmental agencies.
where we believe, in good faith, that disclosing your personal information is appropriate or necessary to (i) take precautions against liability; (ii) protect ourselves or others from fraudulent, abusive, or unlawful uses or activity; (iii) investigate and defend ourselves against any third-party claims or allegations; (iv) protect the security or integrity of our services and any facilities or equipment used to make our services available; or (v) protect our property or other legal rights including, but not limited to, enforcement of our agreements, or the rights, property, or safety of others.
to an acquirer, successor or assignee as part of any merger, acquisition, debt financing, sale of assets, or similar transaction, as well as in the event of an insolvency, bankruptcy, or receivership in which information is transferred to one or more third parties as one of our business assets.
to our affiliates, subsidiaries, and branch offices for the above-mentioned purposes.
4. your rights and choices
you have certain rights regarding the personal information we maintain about you and certain choices about what personal information we collect from you, how we use it, and how we communicate with you.
you may decline to share certain personal information with us, in which case we may not be able to provide to you some of the features and functionality of our services.  you may access and update many categories of personal information that are collected as part of the services offering by logging in to your account and accessing your account settings.  moreover, if you wish to access, amend, or delete any other personal information we hold about you, you may contact us using the contact details at the end of this policy.  please note that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain all information you submit for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so, to the extent permitted under applicable data protection law.
if you receive commercial email from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the email.  you may also opt out from receiving commercial email from us and any other promotional communications that we may send to you from time to time, by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this policy.
please be aware that if you opt out of receiving commercial email from us or otherwise modify the nature or frequency of promotional communications you receive from us, it may take up to ten business days for us to process your request and you may receive promotional communications from us that you have opted out from during that period, to the extent permitted by applicable law.  additionally, even after you opt out from receiving commercial messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us regarding our services.
depending on the country in which you are located, you may have additional rights as described below.
you may request access to and receive information about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, restrict or object to the processing of your personal information, have the information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your personal information to another company.  in addition, you may also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work, or where an incident took place.
you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your personal information, at any time, and free of charge.  we will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdrew your consent.
you may exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this policy.  please note that there are exceptions and limitations to each of these rights, and that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain information for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so, to the extent permitted by applicable law.
your cookie choices
you have the following choices with regard to the use of cookies and similar technologies.
browser settings. many web browsers allow you to manage your preferences relating to cookies.  you can set your browser to refuse cookies or delete certain cookies.  you may be able to manage other technologies in the same way that you manage cookies using your browser’s preferences.  please note that if you choose to block cookies, doing so may impair the use of our services.
opt-out. to opt-out from third party google’s and other vendors’ use of information collected on the services through cookies for advertising purposes, you may visit google’s ads preferences manager, truste's preference manager, or the network advertising initiative opt-out page.
do-not-track signals. there is no accepted standard on how to respond to do-not-track signals, and we do not respond to such signals.
5. privacy shield notice
dronedeploy has previously enrolled in and complies with the eu-u.s. privacy shield framework and swiss-u.s. privacy shield framework as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the european union, united kingdom and switzerland to the united states pursuant to privacy shield.
dronedeploy complies with the privacy shield principles with respect to such data.  if there is any conflict between the terms in this policy and the privacy shield principles, the privacy shield principles shall govern.  to learn more about the privacy shield program, and to view our certification, please visit privacyshield.gov.
in compliance with the privacy shield principles, dronedeploy commits to resolve complaints about our collection or use of your personal information.  eu, uk and swiss individuals with inquiries or complaints regarding our privacy shield policy should first contact us using the contact details at the end of this policy.
in compliance with the privacy shield principles, we will give you an opportunity to choose whether your personal information may be used for a purpose that is materially different from the purposes for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by you, or if we intend to disclose it to a third party acting as a data controller that we have not previously disclosed to you.  in such circumstances, we will notify you and offer you the opportunity to opt-out of such uses and/or disclosures where non-sensitive personal information is involved, and to opt-in where sensitive personal information is involved.  to request to limit the use and disclosure of your personal information, please submit a written request using the contact details at the end of this policy.
dronedeploy has further committed to refer unresolved privacy shield complaints to the us council for international business (at uscib.org), which is an alternative dispute resolution provider located in the united states.  if you do not receive timely acknowledgment of your complaint from us, or if we have not addressed your complaint to your satisfaction, please contact or visit uscib.org for more information or to file a complaint.  the services of the us council for international business are provided at no cost to you.
dronedeploy is subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the federal trade commission (ftc).  under certain conditions, individuals may be able to invoke binding arbitration.
6. third-party services
the service may contain features or links to websites and services provided by third parties.  for example, you may use our app store to integrate with other data analytics or data storage providers that may then collect personal information from you.  any information you provide on third-party sites or services is provided directly to the operators of such services and is subject to those operators’ policies, if any, governing privacy and security, even if accessed through the services.  we are not responsible for the content or privacy and security practices and policies of third-party sites or services to which links or access are provided through the services.  we encourage you to learn about third parties’ privacy and security policies before providing them with information.
7. how we protect your personal information
we implement reasonable security measures to secure and protect your personal information.  our services incorporate privacy by design, including minimizing the data collected from customers, and technical and organizational measures to ensure we are providing the confidentiality and integrity which your data deserves.  if we experience a data breach compromising personal information, we will notify you as quickly as possible, as required by regulatory requirements.
8. how we transfer information we collection internationally
our services are hosted in the united states.  if you choose to use our services from regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from u.s. law, then please note that you are transferring your personal information outside of those regions to the u.s. for storage and processing.  when we transfer your personal information to the u.s., we take steps to comply with applicable data protection law, in particular legal requirements regarding adequate protection for data transfers.  by providing any information, including personal information, on or to the services, you agree with such transfer, storage, and processing.
if you are located in the european economic area or the united kingdom, we will comply with applicable data protection laws when transferring your personal information outside of your jurisdiction.  we may transfer your personal information to countries that have been found to provide adequate protection by the european commission or other competent authorities (e.g., see list of countries for which the european commission has issued an adequacy decision here), use contractual protections for the transfer of personal information, or transfer to recipients who have adopted binding corporate rules.  for more information about how we transfer personal information outside of the eea or the uk, or to obtain a copy of the contractual safeguards we use for such transfers, you may contact us as specified below.
9. children’s privacy
children’s safety is important to us, and we encourage parents and guardians to take an active interest in the online activities of their children.  our services are not directed to children under the age of 16, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 16.  if we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under the age of 16 on our service, we will delete that information as quickly as possible.  if you believe that we may have collected any such personal information on our service, please notify us at [email protected].
10. updates to this policy
we occasionally update this policy.  when we do, we will also revise the “last modified” date at the beginning of the policy.  your continued use of our service after such changes will be subject to the then-current policy.  we encourage you to periodically review this policy to stay informed about how we collect, use, and disclose your information.
11. how to contact us
unless otherwise indicated, dronedeploy is the entity responsible for processing your personal information as described in this policy.  if you have questions about this policy or about dronedeploy, please contact us by email at [email protected], or at:
dronedeploy, inc.548 market st. #34583san francisco, california 94104last updated 11/3/2021




product
capture
analysis
processing
enterprise platform
app market
live map
map gallery
security
pricing
about us
company mission
contact sales
partners
careers
dronedeploy.org
learn
all resources
webinars
ebooks
videos
customer stories
blog
academy
events
support docs
community forum
developers
legal
solutions
agriculture
construction
oil & gas
renewable energy
utility
property management
roofing
inspection
mining & quarries
professional services
education
© dronedeploy - all rights reserved
🇺🇸united states
