about us
news
blog
careers
technologyhow it workssafety by designfleet managementlevel 4 operationsintegration
how it works
safety by design
fleet management
level 4 operations
integration
vehicle solutionsez10tracteasymore
ez10
tracteasy
more
servicesanalysisdeploymenttrainingsupport
analysis
deployment
training
support
success stories
contact
about us
news
blog
careers
terms of use
terms of use
please find below easymile.com terms and conditions.
home
easymile sas21 boulevard de la marquette, hall b level 331000 toulouse, franceinfo@easymile.com+33(5) 3210 8190
trade registry: 803 184 845 r.c.s toulouseshare capital: 1,633,885.00 eurosintra-community vat number: fr51 803 184 845
director of publication: benieke treverton, head of communication
site hoster: always data15 quai lucien lombard31000 toulousewww.ws-interactive.fr
terms of use of www.easymile.com
the present terms set forth the terms and conditions of access browse and use of www.easymile.com (“website”) and its content, (“terms of use”).easymile shall, for the purpose of the terms of use, refer to easymile sas and any and all of its subsidiaries and affiliates.by accessing, browsing or using the website, you (“user”) acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound and to comply with the terms of use.easymile reserves all rights at any time, to modify, add or remove any part of the terms of use, without prior notice.
website and content property right
the entire website and its content including without limitation the design of the website, text, software, user interfaces, visual interfaces, graphics, photographs, images, videos, layout, audio documents, sounds, music, artwork, icons, trademarks, logos  as well as product, technology, know how, databases or computer code accessible or contained on the website (“content”) are the exclusive property of easymile or its licensors.any use, copy, reprint, reproduction, or representation, downloading, uploading, public display, posting publication, transmission, transfer, translation, encode, dissemination or distribution whatsoever, whether partial or total, of the website or its content is strictly prohibited unless specifically authorized by easymile in writing and on a prior basis.easymile is a trademark registered by easymile, use of the registered trademarks and/or logo of easymile or, of any partner presented on the website, or any derivative thereof is not permitted without the prior written authorization of easymile.nothing contained on the website shall be deemed or construed as granting any license, right, title to a copyright, patent, trademark or any other property right whatsoever whether from easymile or any third party.
disclaimer and liability
easymile makes its best effort to ensure the accuracy information contained on the website but makes no warranty whatsoever on the availability, accuracy, correctness or completeness of any information. any information available on the website is provided on an « as is » basis without warranties, promise, representation of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to implicit warrantees related to a particular quality, aptitude for a particular purpose, non-infringement or undertaking that the use of the website will provide specific results of any nature.no guarantee is given by easymile that access to the website will be uninterrupted, free of any error, or that the website will be secure and free of viruses or any other harmful components.easymile reserves all rights, without notice and at its sole discretion, to suspend, interrupt, cancel partially or totally, at any time, any access to any section or portion to the website and to modify or delete any of the content to the website.the content and information contained on the website is for general information purposes only, any use of the content and information is strictly prohibited and shall be the sole user’s responsibility.no information on the website or the content may be deemed as an offer to buy or sell any product or services from or to easymile unless specifically agreed upon in writing by easymile. the website may contain information about easymile products or services which are not available in the user’s country. the existence of such information on the website does not imply an intention on the part of easymile to assert the availability of any such products or services everywhere in the world.
easymile and its subsidiaries shall not be whatsoever responsible for any loss (including without limitation loss of profits or loss of data or virus infection of user’s computing environment), claim, damages, costs or expenses whether consequential, special, incidental, direct or indirect arising from or in connection with i) any errors, omissions, alterations of any information in the content or the website, ii) the use, or operation of the website and/or its content, and iii) temporary or permanent, full or partial unavailability of the website or its content.the user acknowledges that he/she has the skills and the means required to use the site; has checked that the computer equipment used contains no viruses and is in perfect working order, and finally, that he/she has read the legal notice and agrees to comply with it.
link to other site
this website may contain links to third-party web sites for information and user convenience purposes only. easymile does not control such third-party web sites nor does it endorse any of the content.
easymile shall not be liable for any of the content, including without limitation information of third-party web sites.the website uses social plug-ins from other organisations (such as the facebook like and comment functions, twitter’s retweet function, linkedin like and comment functions). these other organisations may receive and use personal data about the user’s visit to the website. if the user browses the website, information these organisations collect may be connected to the user’s account on their site. for more information on how these organisations use personal data, please read their privacy policies.
privacy
for the purpose of processing your request on the website, personal data may be communicated to easymile or its partners. pursuant to gdpr 2016/679 and applicable law, you as a user have the ability to exercise your rights to access, rectify, and/or erase any personal data held by easymile and/or the right to restrict or object to the processing of personal data.any requests related to privacy shall be directed to easymile at privacy@easymile.com.
cookies
our cookie policyeasymile’s website uses cookies to provide you the best experience while you browse the website as well as helping us to make improvements to our website. in this policy we will explain what is a cookie and how we use them, so that you can decide if you want to agree to our use of cookies. if you wish to change your cookie settings at any time, you can visit the website http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ for helpful information on how to manage your cookies in different browsers.
what is a cookie?cookies are small data files containing little pieces of information (usually a unique identifier and the name of the website) which gets downloaded to your device (eg. your computer or mobile device) when you visit a website.
cookies used on the website• strictly necessary cookiesthese cookies are essential in order for you to navigate around the website and use its features.• performance cookies:these cookies collect information about how visitors use the website, i.e. which are the pages most visited.  these cookies help us to improve the way our website works.• session cookiesthese cookies are created temporarily when you access our website and they are deleted when you leave the site or close the browser.• persistent cookiesthese cookies remain on your device after you close the browser, but will self-delete after a certain amount of time.• third party cookiesthese cookies are set by a different organization to our website. for example, our website might use a third-party analytics company with their own cookie to complete the service. our website also contain content and share buttons embedded from, for example youtube, twitter or facebook, and these sites may set their own cookies:
to manage your data on facebook please refer to https://www.facebook.com/help/search/?q=cookies
to manage your data on twitter please refer to https://help.twitter.com/en/rules-and-policies/twitter-cookies
to manage your data on linkedin please refer to https://www.linkedin.com/legal/cookie-policy?_l=fr_fr
disabling these cookies prevents any interaction between your activity on the website and social networks. please note that third parties (i.e. providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies over which we have no control. how to control cookies?you may wish to visit the website: http://www.allaboutcookies.org/ for additional information on how to manage your cookie settings in different browsers. you can delete all cookies that are already on your computer and you can set most browsers to prevent them from being placed. if you do this, however, you may have to manually adjust some preferences every time you visit a site and some services and functionalities may not work.it is also possible to stop your browser from accepting cookies altogether by changing your browser’s cookie settings. you can usually find these settings in the “options” or “preferences” menu of your browser. the following links may be helpful, or you can find further information by using the “help” option in your browser.cookie settings in internet explorer: https://support.microsoft.com/fr-fr/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies#ie=ie-10cookie settings in firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer?redirectlocale=en-us&redirectslug=cookiescookie settings in chrome: https://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en&ref_topic=14666cookie settings in safari web: https://support.apple.com/fr-fr/guide/safari/sfri11471/mac
applicable law
the use of the website and the terms of use are governed by french law.
we are always on the lookout for highly-motivated people to build real-world solutions.
keep in touch
subscribe to our newsletter

*you agree to be contacted by easymile
© copyright easymile
site map
terms of use
