products
customers
learn
company
pricing
already have an account?log in
have questions?contact us
solutions
workplace, website, and app search
unified logs, metrics, and apm data
siem, endpoint, and threat hunting
elastic (elk) stack
store, search, analyze
visualize, navigate, share
managed elasticsearch service
new
8.2 release
deploy now
view integrations
view all products
tutorials, updates, people
product guides
elasticon, meetups, virtual events
tutorials and customer testimonials
groups, forums, code
project acceleration packages
customer guidance and resources
critical skill-building and certification
featured topics
upgrade the elastic stack.
watch video
our story, teams, source code
case studies, videos, blogs
peruse our opportunities
find or become a partner
results, filings, resources
recognizing remarkable work
news
elastic is a search company.
watch video
contact
login
try free
gdpr compliance and elasticsearch
the european union's (eu) general data protection regulation (gdpr) is now in effect. learn about security and deployment best practices to get your elasticsearch data compliant with gdpr guidelines.
talk with an elastic expert about getting gdpr-ready with the elastic stack.
marketofeform
get your elasticsearch data gdpr-compliant
whether you are using elasticsearch for application search or as a centralized logging platform, there is a strong chance that you are dealing with data that is classified as personal data by gdpr guidelines, with strict requirements on how it's secured and processed.
learn how you can use elastic stack features, from role-based access control to data encryption, to get your elasticsearch data ready for gdpr.
access controls: implement role-based access control, down to the field level, to ensure that only authorized persons can access gdpr personal data in your elasticsearch cluster.
monitor access and breaches:  combine elasticsearch audit and access logs with machine learning and alerting jobs to get proactive with access monitoring and breach detection.
pseudonymization: use logstash fingerprint filter to replace personal data with hashed values.
encryption: enable tls / ssl to secure your data in transit from snooping and tampering.
resilience and disaster recovery: guard against loss of data with default index replication and horizontally scalable clustering.
use the elastic stack to get gdpr-compliant
gdpr mandates that you "shall implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to ensure a level of security appropriate to the risk." one well-accepted technical measure that organizations take is the centralized logging and analysis of all security-related information.
many organizations are using the elastic stack as their central security analytics platform for real-time analysis of security information at scale.
usaa secured their entire internal network and application portfolio. learn more
barclays created a centralized security function to protect the global enterprise. learn more
slack built a defensive security program to monitor malicious activity. learn more
get started on your gdpr journey
get a comprehensive view of how elastic can help on your journey to gdpr compliance with this white paper.
subscribe to our newsletter
products & solutions
enterprise search
observability
security
elastic stack
elasticsearch
kibana
integrations
subscriptions
pricing
company
careerswe're hiring
we're hiring
board of directors
contact
resources
documentation
what is the elk stack?
what is elasticsearch?
migrating from splunk
compare aws elasticsearch
public sector
language
trademarks
terms of use
privacy
sitemap
© 2022. elasticsearch b.v. all rights reserved
elasticsearch is a trademark of elasticsearch b.v., registered in the u.s. and in other countries.
apache, apache lucene, apache hadoop, hadoop, hdfs and the yellow elephant logo are trademarks of the apache software foundation in the united states and/or other countries.
© 2022. elasticsearch b.v. all rights reserved
