embeeprivacy policy
effectivedate:  feb 29, 2020
privacy	statement
information	collected by embee
information	that you provide
information	we collect
how	is your personal information used by embee?
who	can access the information we collect?
access		to personal information
access		to aggregated or anonymized information
selling	of personal information
children	and privacy
links	to third party services
security,	storage and retention
security
storage
retention
international	users
changes	to this privacy policy
information	correction and removal
correction		and removal
your		california rights
your		european rights
cancelling	participation in the services
contact	us
privacy	statement
embeemobile, inc. (“embee” or “we” or “us” or “our”)values the privacy of its users.  this privacy policy (“privacypolicy”) provides information about (a) the information that embeecollects when you use or interact with our applications (as definedbelow) and services (collectively, the “services”), (b) the waysin which such information is used by embee and shared with thirdparties, and (c) your choices regarding use and disclosure of yourinformation.  by using our application, you (“you” or “your”)consent to the policies and practices described in this privacypolicy.
forthe purposes of the eu general data protection regulation 2016 (the“gdpr”) the data controller is embee mobile inc. whose registeredoffice is at 525 brannan street, suite 408, san francisco ca,94107.
asused in this privacy policy, the term “personal information”means information that identifies you personally, alone or incombination with other information available to us by reference to anidentifier such as your name, identification number, location data,online identifier or one or more factors specific to you.  personalinformation includes special categories of personal information (or“sensitive personal information”) and “pseudonymised personalinformation” but excludes anonymous information or information thathas had the identity of an individual permanently removed.
"specialcategories" of personal information require a higher level ofprotection. this includes information about a person's racialor ethnic origin, political opinions, religious and philosophicalbeliefs, trade union membership, genetic data, biometric data, healthdata and sex life and sexual orientation. the information collectedby embee arguably includes “special categories” of personalinformation, i.e. sexual orientation and religious opinions arelikely to be discernible from browsing history. embeecan only processes such information on one of the lawful grounds setout in article 9 of the gdpr such as “explicit consent” from theindividual, which is a higher threshold than “consent” (article9(2)(a)).
thisprivacy policy does not apply to any other data, including data thatwe collect offline or data that others collect through applicationslinked to our application.
by(i) accessing our application and/or (ii) downloading, installing orusing any associated application supplied by embee to allow you toaccess the services (this item (ii), the “application”), youagree to be bound by this privacy policy. if you do not agree to theterms of this privacy policy, please do not use our services. eachtime you use our services, the current version of the privacy policywill apply. accordingly, whenever you use our services, you shouldcheck the date of this privacy policy (which appears at the top) andreview any changes since the last version. this privacy policy isapplicable to all embee visitors, registered users, and all otherusers of the services.
further,you acknowledge that this privacy policy is part of our terms of use,which is incorporated by reference, and by accessing or using ourservices, you agree to be bound by the terms of use (“terms ofuse”).  if you do not agree to our terms of use, do not access oruse our services.
ifyou have any questions about our privacy practices, please refer tothe end of this privacy policy for information on how to contact us.
information	collected by embee
embeeis a technology company that enables market research companies andother customers (“market research partners”) to conduct researchon user behaviors. when you access and use our services, embee maycollect information (i) that you knowingly and voluntarily providewhen you use our services (such as through forms or profile screens)including, without limitation, registration/account setupinformation, and (ii) that we are able to collect as you use yourmobile device and other applications.
information	that you provide
embeecollects the information that you provide when you use our services,including, without limitation, registration/account setupinformation, profile details, demographic details, and other ratingsinformation.  the information typically includes, without limitation,the following kinds of personal information:
email
date	of birth or birth year
gender
country,	region, state and/or postal code
occupation
income	level
education	level
household	size
whether	household has children
languages	learned or spoken
head	of household
responsible	for purchases

information	we collect
theapplication will run in the background and sends this information tous automatically. the information that we collect and use maytypically includes, without limitation, the following kinds oftechnical and usage data:
technical	data: ip address, device type, operating system, network type	and speed, local time zone, device type, battery life, advertising	id, phone identity, location (gps and network-based)

usage	data: internet-browsing history, information about how you use	your mobile device and other applications
theinformation we collect about you may include sensitive personalinformation. for example, your browsing history may revealinformation about your sexual orientation or political leniencies.when you download and install our application, we will ask for yourexplicit consent to collect and use this information.  embee will usepersonal information, including pseudonymised personal informationfor various market research and business purposes such as providingcustomer service, fraud prevention, market research, and improvingour services.
we will also use or share pseudonymised, or aggregated and/or anonymizedinformation that we collect from you, including, without limitation,personal information, for the purpose of market research on brandsand products, marketing campaigns, and advertising.
how	is your personal information used by embee?
wewill only process your personal information, including sharing itwith third parties, for a purpose described in this privacy policy,where (1) you have provided your consent which can be withdrawn atany time, (2) the processing is necessary for the performance of acontract we are about to enter into or have entered into with you,(3) we are required by law, (4) processing is required to protectyour vital interests or those of another person, or (5) processing isnecessary for the purposes of our legitimate commercial interests,except where such interests are overridden by your rights andinterests.
weprimarily use this information for market research regarding userpreferences and habits and to facilitate other opportunities withrespect to the services.  information we collect from you may beprovided to third parties (specifically our market research partners)as part of our market research services, only as strictly set forthbelow, and on the basis of your consent provided when you install theapplication. you can withdraw your consent at any time by contactingus as by email to admin@embeemobile.com.
wemay use personal information we collect about you on its own orcombine it with other information we have about you to:
create	user accounts and/or profiles through registration;
perform	internal operations, such as tracking and improving the	effectiveness of our services and market research efforts;
provide	you with the opportunity to earn rewards for using the services;
personalize	user experiences, such as remembering your settings and preferences	for things like language, font size, etc.;
provide	customer services and support;
resolve	disputes between users and/or a user and embee as set forth in our	terms of use;
prevent	fraud or deliver other location-based services;
administer	user rewards;
conduct	surveys;
conduct	research;
receive	feedback;
conduct	audits;
prepare	reports and analyses for our market research partners;
provide	information to our business partners;
provide	information to our representatives and/or advisors, such as our	attorneys, accountants, and others to help us comply with legal,	accounting, or security requirements;
transfer	your information as part of a merger or sale of the business;
protect	the rights, safety, and information of our members, third parties,	as well as our own; and
comply	with legal requirements, such as in response to a subpoena or	similar investigative demand.
wemay also disclose your personal information as otherwise set forth inthis privacy policy, as permitted by law, or with your consent.
who	can access the information we collect?

access	to personal information
embeemay disclose your personal information in the following instances:
agents.we employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on ourbehalf.  examples of such functions include, without limitation,using paypal for compensating panelists, using amazon web servicesfor server and database infrastructure, using zendesk for panelistsupport, using ticket tracking solutions such as unfuddle, and othersimilar services. we share our users’ personal information withthese agents as we deem necessary for such third parties to performtheir functions.
employees.only authorized employees have access to your personal information.
affiliates.when you are asked for information while on our services, you aresharing that information with embee and our various affiliates andsister companies, unless specifically stated otherwise. as a resultof this sharing, you may receive communications from any of ouraffiliates.
authorizedbusiness partners. these include, without limitation, agents,contractors, vendors, licensors, system integrators, etc. embee, ouraffiliates and our business partners may share this personalinformation with each other and use it consistent with this privacypolicy. they may also combine it with other information to provideand improve our market research services.
tocomply with legal process, protect embee, or enforce our rights.we may release your personal information when it is necessary to (i)conform to legal requirements or comply with legal process; (ii)enforce or apply our conditions of use and other agreements (iii)protect the rights, safety or property of embee, our affiliates,service providers, our users or the public, or (iv) prevent a crimeor protect national security (including, without limitation,exchanging information with other companies and organizations forfraud protection and credit risk reduction).
aspart of a merger or sale of business. we may disclose yourpersonal information in connection with a substantial corporatetransaction, such as the sale of our business, a divestiture, merger,consolidation, or asset sale, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.
namedmarket research partners.we will share pseudonymised personalinformation with our market research partners that are explicitlynamed herein. pseudonymised personal information is information thatwe process in such a way that any personally identifying information,such as your name or email address, has been replaced with apseudonym. pseudonymised personal information can no longer beattributed to you without the use of additional information that wehold and will not share with our market research partners. for theremoval of all doubt, the only named market research partner for thepurpose of this application is comscore, inc., who can be contactedat email address: privacy@voicefive.com. for any other marketresearch partners, we only share aggregated or anonymized information,as set forth below.
access	to aggregated or anonymized information by other market research	partners
aspart of our market research services, embee may disclose aggregated or anonymized information to other market research partners, notexplicitly named in this privacy policy. for example, withoutdisclosing personal information we may create reports and analysesbased on information collected, combine information collected withother data that we hold or generate statistical models on userbehaviors for our market research partners. we use tools and othermethods to make sure personal information is not present in thereports and data that we provide to other market research partners.
selling	of personal information

exceptas otherwise set forth in this privacy policy, we will never sellyour personal information to third parties.
children	and privacy
ourservices are not directed to children under the age of 18.  if youare not 18 years or older, do not use our services.
wedo not knowingly collect personal information from children under theage of 18.  if we learn that personal information of persons lessthan 18 years-of-age has been collected through our services, we willtake the appropriate steps to delete this information. if you are aparent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor under theage of 18 has posted, submitted or otherwise communicated personalinformation to our services without your consent, then you may alertus at admin@embeemobile.com for coppa monitoring so that we may takeappropriate action to remove the minor’s personal information fromour systems.
inaccordance with california’s “erasure law” for minors, in theevent that a minor under the age of 18 uses the service, the minormay request that embee delete information provided to embee.  uponsuch a request, embee will delete the information or provide theminor with (a) the ability to remove or request removal of contentthat the minor posted on the application; (b) notice and clearinstruction on how to do so; and (c) notice that such removal may notremove all traces of such posting.  be aware that embee may not haveto comply with this removal requirement if: (i) federal or state lawrequires maintenance of the content or information; (ii) the contentwas stored or posted (or reposted) by a third party other than theminor; (iii) the operator anonymizes the content or information sothat the minor cannot be identified; (iv) the minor receivedcompensation or other consideration for providing the content; or (v)the minor does not follow the instructions provided by operator torequest removal of content.
links	to third party services
ourservices may contain links to third party services not operated byus.  these links are provided as a service and do not imply anyendorsement of the activities or content of these sites, nor anyassociation with their operators.  embee is not responsible for theprivacy policies or practices of any third party including, withoutlimitation, websites directly linked to our services.  we encourageyou to be aware of when you leave our services and to review theprivacy policies of any third party site that you link from ourservices.
security,	storage and retention

security
embeetakes reasonable technical and organizational precautions to protectthe confidentiality, security and integrity of your personalinformation.   although we use security measures to help protect yourpersonal information against loss, misuse or unauthorized disclosure,we cannot guarantee the security of information transmitted to usover the internet.  there is no guarantee that information may not beaccessed, disclosed, altered or destroyed.  you are responsible formaintaining the secrecy of your account information, and forcontrolling access to your email communications.
storage

thepersonal information that you provide to embee is generally stored onservers located in the united states.  if you are located in anotherjurisdiction, you should be aware that once your personal informationis submitted through our services, it will be transferred to ourservers in the united states and that the united states currentlydoes not have uniform data protection laws in place.
retention
wewill store your personal information, in a formthat permits us to identify you, for nolonger than is necessary for the purpose for which the personalinformation is processed.  we may retain and use your personalinformation as necessary to comply with our legal obligations,resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements and rights, or if it isnot technically and reasonably feasible to remove it.  otherwise, wewill seek to delete your personal information within a reasonabletimeframe upon request.
international	users
weare headquartered in the united states. your personal information maybe accessed by us or transferred to us in the united states or to ouraffiliates, partners, merchants, or service providers who are locatedworldwide. if you are visiting our services from outside the unitedstates, be aware that your information may be (i) transferred to,stored, and processed in the united states where our servers arelocated, and our central database is operated and/or (ii) transferredto those third parties with whom we share it as described in thisprivacy policy.  by using our services, you consent to this transfer.
wewill protect the privacy and security of personal informationaccording to this privacy policy, regardless of where it is processedor stored; however you explicitly acknowledge and consent to the factthat personal information stored or processed in the united stateswill be subject to the laws of the united states, including, withoutlimitation, the ability of governments, courts or law enforcement orregulatory agencies of the united states to obtain disclosure of yourpersonal information.
changes	to this privacy policy
fromtime to time, embee may update this privacy policy to reflectfeedback from our users or changes to embee policies.  if there arematerial changes to this privacy policy or how embee uses, shares orcollects personal information, we will notify you by (i) revising the“effective date” at the top of this privacy policy, (ii)prominently posting an announcement of the changes on our services,or (iii) sending you an email to the email address you most recentlyprovided us in your account, profile or registration (unless we donot have such an email address).  users are bound by any changes tothe privacy policy when he or she uses the services after notice ofsuch changes has been communicated. we encourage you to review thisprivacy policy regularly to ensure that you are familiar with ourcurrent practices.
information	correction and removal

correction	and removal
ifany of the information that we have about you is incorrect, or youwish to have information (including, without limitation, personalinformation) removed from our records, please contact us atadmin@embeemobile.com for processing requests. we will respond tosuch inquiries within thirty (30) business days.

your	california rights
forresidents of california only.  section 1798.83 of the californiacivil code requires select businesses to disclose policies relatingto the sharing of certain categories of your personal informationwith third parties.  if you reside in california and have providedyour personal information to embee, you may request information aboutour disclosures of certain categories of personal information tothird parties for direct marketing purposes.  such requests must besubmitted to us at one of the following addresses:admin@embeemobile.com at embee for processing such requests or embee,attn: california privacy rights, 525 brannan street, suite 408, sanfrancisco ca, 94107.
withinthirty (30) days of receiving such a request, we will provide a listof the categories of personal information disclosed to third partiesfor third-party direct marketing purposes during the immediatelypreceding calendar year, along with the names and addresses of thosethird parties. this request may be made no more than once percalendar year. we reserve our right not to respond to requestssubmitted other than to the address specified in this section.
your	european rights
foreuropean residents only. if you are based in the eu, in certaincircumstances, you have rights under the gdpr in relation to yourpersonal information.
request	access to your personal information.  you may have the right to	request access to any personal information we hold about you as well	as related information, including the purposes for processing the	personal information, the recipients or categories of recipients	with whom the personal information has been shared, where possible,	the period for which the personal information will be stored, the	source of the personal information, and the existence of any	automated decision making.
request	correction of your personal information. you may have the right to	obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate	personal information we hold about you.
request	erasure of your personal information. you may have the right to	request that personal information held about you is deleted.
request	restriction of processing your personal information. you may have	the right to prevent or restrict processing of your personal	information.
request	transfer of your personal information. you may have the right to	request transfer of personal information directly to a third party	where this is technically feasible.
whereyou believe that we have not complied with our obligation under thisprivacy policy or european data protection law, you have the right tomake a complaint to an eu data protection authority, such as the ukinformation commissioner’s office.
ifyou would like to exercise your rights, please contact us atadmin@embeemobile.com for processing requests. we will respond tosuch inquiries within one month.
cancelling	participation in the services

shouldyou decide to stop participating in the services, you may do so atany time by uninstalling the application and contacting embee:
by	email to admin@embeemobile.com at embee for processing such requests	or
by	u.s. mail post to: embee, attn: cancelling participation in the	services, 525 brannan street, suite 408, san francisco ca, 94107

contact	us
ifyou have any questions about this privacy policy or our privacypractices, please contact us as follows:
•	byemail to admin@embeemobile.com at embee for processing such requests;or
•	byu.s. mail post to: privacy, embee, 525 brannan street, suite 408, sanfrancisco ca, 94107



termsand conditions of use
effectivedate: may 23, 2018
thankyou for downloading embee meter cx application (“app”) owned andoffered by embee mobile, inc., and its affiliates (“embee”).embee provides you with access to and use of the app subject to yourcompliance with the terms.  you should not access this app or use ourservices (“services”) until you have carefully read and agreed tothese terms and conditions of use, including the privacy policy,which are collectively referred to as (the “terms”).
use	of this application
whenyou download this app or you create an account on this app, byselecting “i agree” to the terms and conditions you are expresslyagreeing to be bound by these terms. we include the terms’effective date at the top of the terms.  we may modify the terms fromtime to time without notice to you; if we do we will post the revisedterms with a revised effective date.  check the help sectionperiodically to see our most current terms. by using the appfollowing any modifications to the terms, you agree to be bound bysuch modifications.
thisapp may not be copied, reproduced, republished, uploaded, posted,transmitted or distributed in any way, except as specifically allowedin these terms.
userage and access.  by downloading and using this app you represent thatyou are 18 years of age or older.  license.  the app, including allof its contents, such as text, images, and the html or other codeused (“materials”), are our property or that of our suppliers orlicensors and are protected by patent, trademark and/or copyrightunder united states and/or foreign laws. except as otherwise providedherein, you may not use, download, upload, copy, print, display,perform, reproduce, publish, modify, delete, add to, license, post,transmit, or distribute any materials from this app in whole or inpart, for any public or commercial purpose without our specificwritten permission.  we grant you a personal, non-exclusive,non-transferable license to access our app and to use the informationand services contained here.
inturn, you grant us a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to use anycontent you post on the app or through the app for any purpose,subject to the express terms of this agreement.
embeemakes the app available so that users may access the services via amobile device. to use the app you must have a mobile device that iscompatible with the mobile service. embee does not warrant that theapp will be compatible with your mobile device. embee hereby grantsto you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use anobject code copy of the app for one registered account on one mobiledevice owned or leased solely by you, for your personal use. you maynot: (i) modify, disassemble, decompile or reverse engineer the app,except to the extent that such restriction is expressly prohibited bylaw; (ii) rent, lease, loan, resell, sublicense, distribute orotherwise transfer the app to any third party or use the app toprovide time sharing or similar services for any third party; (iii)make any copies of the app; (iv) remove, circumvent, disable, damageor otherwise interfere with security-related features of the app,features that prevent or restrict use or copying of any contentaccessible through the app, or features that enforce limitations onuse of the app; or (v) delete the copyright and other proprietaryrights notices on the app. you acknowledge that embee may from timeto time issue upgraded versions of the app, and may automaticallyelectronically upgrade the version of the app that you are using onyour mobile device. you consent to such automatic upgrading on yourmobile device, and agree that the terms and conditions of these termswill apply to all such upgrades. the foregoing license grant is not asale of the app or any copy thereof, and embee and its third partylicensors or suppliers retain all right, title, and interest in andto the app (and any copy of the app). standard carrier data chargesmay apply to your use of the app.
rules	and limits on use; modifications to the app
wereserve the right, for any reason, in our sole discretion and withoutnotice to you, to terminate, change, suspend or discontinue anyaspect of the app, including, but not limited to, information, data,text, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video, messages or othermaterials (“content”), features and/or hours of availability, andwe will not be liable to you or to any third party for doing so.
specific	prohibited uses
theapp may be used only for lawful purposes by individuals usingauthorized services of embee.  you are responsible for your owncommunications, including the upload, transmission and posting ofinformation, and are responsible for the consequences of theirposting on or through the app. embee specifically prohibits any useof the app, and requires all users to agree not to use the app, forany of the following:
posting	any information which is incomplete, false, inaccurate, unlawful,	harassing, libelous, obscene, or not your own;
impersonating	another person;
constituting	or encouraging conduct that would constitute a criminal offense,	giving rise to civil liability or otherwise violate any city, state,	national or international law or regulation or which fails to comply	with accepted internet protocol;
posting	material that is copyrighted or otherwise owned by a third party	unless you are the copyright owner or have the permission of the	owner to post it;
posting	material that reveals trade secrets, unless you own them or have the	permission of the owner;
posting	material that infringes on any other intellectual property, privacy	or publicity right of another;
transmitting	or transferring (by any means) information or software derived from	the app to foreign countries or certain foreign nations in violation	of us export control laws;
attempting	to interfere in any way with the app’s or embee’s networks or	network security, or attempting to use the app’s service to gain	unauthorized access to any other computer system, or attempting to	post or transmit any information that constitutes a virus, bug or	other harmful item;
violating	any terms or conditions or any other agreement you may have with any	third party (including without limitation any employer) with regard	to your use, possession, transmission or storage of data, or your	retention of that third party’s data without their permission;
violating	any state, federal or local law or regulation, including without	limitation any restrictions on transmission of data under the	can-spam act or the telephone consumer protection act.

security	rules
violationsof system or network security may result in civil or criminalliability. embee will investigate occurrences and may involve, andcooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting the useror users who are involved in such violations.  you are prohibitedfrom violating or attempting to violate the security of the app,including, without limitation, the following:
accessing	data not intended for such user or logging into a server or account	which user is not authorized to access;
attempting	to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or	to breach security or authentication measures without proper	authorization;
attempting	to interfere with service to any user, host or network, including,	without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to the app,	overloading, “flooding”, “mailbombing” or “crashing”; or	sending unsolicited e-mail, including promotions and/or advertising	of products or services;
reverse	engineering, reconstructing, copying, preparing derivative works or	otherwise imitating the app, or
forging	any tcp/ip packet header or any part of the header information in	any e-mail or newsgroup posting.

privacy	policy; user information
inthe course of your use of the app, you may be asked to providecertain information to us.  embee’s use of any information youprovide via the app shall be governed by our privacy policy containedwithin this document. we urge you to read our privacy policy.  youacknowledge and agree that you are solely responsible for theaccuracy and content of such information.
proprietary	rights
asbetween you and embee, (or other embee whose marks appear on or viathe app), embee (or the respective embee) is the owner and/orauthorized user of any trademark, registered trademark and/or servicemark appearing on the app, and is the copyright owner or licensee ofthe content and/or information on the app, unless otherwiseindicated.
exceptas otherwise provided herein, use of the app does not grant you alicense to any content, features or materials you may access on theapp and you may not modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute orcreate derivative works of such content, features or materials, inwhole or in part.  any commercial use of the app is strictlyprohibited, except as allowed herein or otherwise approved by us. you may not download or save a copy of any of the content or screensfor any purpose except as otherwise provided by embee.  if you makeuse of the app, other that as provided herein, in doing so you mayviolate copyright and other laws of the united states, othercountries, as well as applicable state laws and may be subject toliability for such unauthorized use.  we do not grant any license orother authorization to any user of our trademarks, registeredtrademarks, service marks, other copyrightable material or any otherintellectual property by including them on the app.
theinformation on the app including, without limitation, all design,text, graphics, interfaces, and the selection and arrangements isprotected by law including copyright law.
productnames, logos, designs, titles, words or phrases may be protectedunder law as the trademarks, service mark or trade names of embee orother entities.  such trademarks, service marks and trade names maybe registered in the united states and internationally.
theembee logos and service names are trademarks of embee (the “embeemarks”).  without embee’s prior permission, you agree not todisplay or use embee marks in any manner.  nothing on the app shouldbe construed to grant any license or right to use any embee markwithout our prior written consent.
indemnity
youagree to defend, indemnify and hold embee, its directors, officers,employees, agents and affiliates harmless from any and all claims,liabilities, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonableattorneys\' fees, in any way arising from, related to or inconnection with your use of the app, your violation of the terms orthe posting or transmission of any materials on or through the app byyou, including, but not limited to, any third party claim that anyinformation or materials you provide infringes any third partyproprietary right.
disclaimer	of warranties
youunderstand and agree that:
theapp, including, without limitation, all content, function, materialsand services is provided “as is,” without warranty of any kind,either express or implied, including, without limitation, anywarranty for information, data, data processing services oruninterrupted access, any warranties concerning the availability,accuracy, completeness, usefulness, or content of information, andany warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitnessfor a particular purpose.  embee does not warrant that the app or thefunction, content or services made available thereby will be timely,secure, uninterrupted or error free, or that defects will becorrected.  embee makes no warranty that the app will meet users’expectations or requirements.  no advice, results or information, ormaterials whether oral or written, obtained by you through the appshall create any warranty not expressly made herein.  if you aredissatisfied with the app, your sole remedy is to discontinue usingit.
anymaterial downloaded or otherwise obtained through the use of the appis done at your own discretion and risk and that you will be solelyresponsible for any damage that results from the download of any suchmaterial.
embeedoes not endorse, warrant or guarantee any products or servicesoffered or provided by or on behalf of third parties on or throughthe app.  embee is not a party to, and does not monitor, anytransaction between users and third parties without the directinvolvement of embee.
limitation	of liability
inno event shall embee, its affiliates or any of their respectivedirectors, officers, employees, agents, or content or serviceproviders be liable for any indirect, special, incidental,consequential, exemplary or punitive damages arising from or directlyor indirectly related to the use of, or the inability to use, the appor the content, materials and function related thereto, including,without limitation, loss of revenue, or anticipated profits, or lostbusiness, data or sales, or cost of substitute services, even ifembee or its representative or such individual has been advised ofthe possibility of such damages.  some jurisdictions do not allow thelimitation or exclusion of liability so some of the above limitationsmay not apply to you.  in no event shall the total liability of embeeto you for all damages, losses, and causes of action (whether incontract or tort, including, but not limited to, negligence orotherwise) arising from the terms or your use of the app exceed, inthe aggregate, $100.00.
applicable	law/jurisdiction
youagree that the laws of the state of california, excluding itsconflicts-of-law rules, shall govern these terms.  please note thatyour use of the app may be subject to other local, state, national,and international laws.  you expressly agree that exclusivejurisdiction for resolving any claim or dispute with embee orrelating in any way to your use of the app resides in the state andfederal courts of los angeles county, california, and you furtheragree and expressly consent to the exercise of personal jurisdictionin the state and federal courts of los angeles county.
notices
noticesto you may be made via either email or regular mail.  the app mayalso provide notices of changes to the terms or other matters bydisplaying notices or links to notices to you on the app.
contacting	us
tocontact us with any questions or concerns in connection with thisagreement or the app, or to provide any notice under this agreementto us please email us at admin@embeemobile.com.
general	information
theterms constitute the entire agreement between you and embee andgovern your use of the app, superseding any prior agreements betweenyou and embee.  you also may be subject to additional terms andconditions that are applicable to certain parts of the app.
youagree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agencyrelationship exists between embee and you as a result of thisagreement or your use of the app.
anyclaim or cause of action you may have with respect to embee or theapp must be commenced within one (1) year after the claim or cause ofaction arose.
thefailure of embee to exercise or enforce any right or provision of theterms shall not constitute a waiver of such right or provision.  ifany provision of the terms is found by a court of competentjurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that thecourt should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions asreflected in the provision, and the other provisions of the termsremain in full force and effect.
youmay not assign the terms or any of your rights or obligations underthe terms without embee’s express written consent.
theterms inure to the benefit of embee’s successors, assigns andlicensees.  the section titles in the terms are for convenience onlyand have no legal or contractual effect.
© copyright 2017 by embee mobile, inc.  all rights reserved.

