epidata, inc.
privacy policy
last updated: october 23rd, 2018

this privacy policy (“policy”)describes how epidata, inc. and its related companies (“company”) collect, use and share personal information of consumerusers of this website, www.epidata.co (the “site”). this policy also applies to any of our other websites thatpost this policy. this policy does not apply to websites that post differentstatements.

what wecollect

we get information about you in a range of ways.

information you give us. we collect your‎ name,postal address, email address, phone number, fax number, username, password,demographic information (such as your gender and occupation) as well as otherinformation you directly give us on our site.

information we get from others. we may get information about youfrom other sources. we may add this to information we get from this site.

information automatically collected. we automatically loginformation about you and your computer. for example, when visiting our site,we log your computer operating system type, browser type, browser language, thewebsite you visited before browsing to our site, pages you viewed, how long youspent on a page, access times and information about your use of and actions onour site.

cookies. we may log information using "cookies."cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. we may useboth session cookies (which expire once you close your web browser) andpersistent cookies (which stay on your computer until you delete them) toprovide you with a more personal and interactive experience on our site.    this type of information iscollected to make the site more useful to you and to tailor the experience withus to meet your special interests and needs.

use ofpersonal information

we use your personal information as follows:
·            we use your personal information to operate,maintain, and improve our sites, products, and services.
·            we use your personal information to process anddeliver contest entries and rewards.
·            we use your personal information to respond tocomments and questions and provide customer service.
·            we use your personal information to sendinformation including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates,security alerts, and support and administrative messages.
·            we use your personal information to communicateabout promotions, upcoming events, and other news about products and servicesoffered by us and our selected partners.
·            we use your personal information to link or combineuser information with other personal information.
·            we use your personal information to protect,investigate, and deter against fraudulent, unauthorized, or illegal activity.
·            we use your personal information to provide anddeliver products and services customers request.

sharingof personal information

we may share personal information as follows:

·            we may share personal information with yourconsent. for example, you may let us share personal information with others fortheir own marketing uses. those uses will be subject to their privacy policies.
·            we may share personal information when we do abusiness deal, or negotiate a business deal, involving the sale or transfer ofall or a part of our business or assets. these deals can include any merger,financing, acquisition, or bankruptcy transaction or proceeding.
·            we may share personal information for legal,protection, and safety purposes.
o  we may share information to comply with laws.
o  we may share information to respond to lawfulrequests and legal processes.
o  we may share information to protect the rights andproperty of epidata, inc., our agents, customers, and others. this includesenforcing our agreements, policies, and terms of use.
o  we may share information in an emergency. thisincludes protecting the safety of our employees and agents, our customers, orany person.
·            we may share information with those who need it todo work for us.

we may also share aggregated and/or anonymized data with others fortheir own uses.

informationchoices and changes

our marketing emails tell you how to “opt-out.” if you opt out, we maystill send you non-marketing emails. non-marketing emails include emails aboutyour accounts and our business dealings with you.

you may send requests about personal information to our contactinformation below. you can request to change contact choices, opt-out of oursharing with others, and update your personal information.

you can typically remove and reject cookies from our site with yourbrowser settings. many browsers are set to accept cookies until you change yoursettings. if you remove or reject our cookies, it could affect how our siteworks for you.

contactinformation. we welcome your comments or questions about thisprivacy policy. you may also contact us at our address:

epidata, inc.
po box 25
redwood city, california 94061

changesto this privacy policy. we may change this privacy policy. if wemake any changes, we will change the last updated date above.
