englishfrançais日本語中文
industriesaerospace & defenseaerospace solutionsaircraft interiorshuman-centric solutionsmart manufacturingautomotiveautomotive solutionsautomotive interiorev comfort, safety & rangefull vehicle designhuman-centricmulti-material assembliessmart manufacturingenergyheavy machineryhuman-centric process validationvirtual manufacturingvirtual proving ground
productscastingcompositescomputational fluid dynamicsace+ suitevisual-environment for openfoaminterior solutionsheet metal formingsystem simulationvibro-acousticsvirtual performance solutionvirtual realityvirtual seat solutionwelding & assemblymultiphysicsvirtual systems & controls
supportservicescustomer portal
newsroomnewscustomer storieseventsblog
companyoneesi 2024strategystorymanagementresponsibilityworldwide
join us
home
privacy & terms of use
scope
esi group is committed to ensure that your privacy is protected. this privacy policy sets out how esi group uses and protects any information that you communicate to esi group when you use this website. should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement.
esi group may update the privacy policy at any time, but always for something at least as protective. we encourage visitors to frequently check this page for any changes to stay informed about how we protect the collected personal data.
collection of personal data
registering on this site will allow you to download documents, access data directly via this site or have it sent to your email address. registration requires the communication of some personal data:
first name,
last name,
email address,
country
telephone number,
ip-address
information submitted as part of support requests, comments or forum posts, which are not “personal data” per se but that may be protected by author’s rights
we may collect the following information:
company name
department
position / title
industry area
postal company address
page navigation behavior
demographic information
other information relevant to customer surveys and/or offers
protection of children
we do not process any data concerning children and refuse registration for minors under the age of 18. by pressing the registration key, you automatically confirm that you are over 18.
use of personal data
we process personal data for the following purposes:
analyzing sales and marketing statistics
creating personalized sales proposals
providing service offers
answering and fulfilling requests
communicating with customers, prospects, suppliers, vendors and partners about products, services, projects, transactions…
evaluating customer satisfaction, making marketing campaigns…
ensuring compliance with legal obligations
respecting our contractual agreements (legal claims)
marketing activities & communications (invitations, news & updates).
all preferences are managed through the preference center.
the data will neither be sold nor communicated outside of our distribution network. if you do not wish to provide this information, you may not be able to access the documents, information and services available on this website.
confidentiality, communication and transfer
the data will be kept on an esi group server, or a supplier’s server, protected by all the necessary precautionary measures to avoid fraudulent access.
respecting the confidential nature of such data, esi group may transfer your data to third parties which provide it services using such data only for the purpose of such services (e.g., hosting or it maintenance and support services).  we may also share personal data, with third parties who help deliver our products and services like delivery and monitoring of marketing initiatives, and providing customer support services.
we reserve the right to transmit your data to the appropriate legal authority to comply with legal obligations or due to our legitimate interests.
personal data retention period
esi group does not store your personal data for more time than necessary. retention periods may vary depending on the data categories and the processing activities.
after this retention period, your personal data may be archived to comply with the legal and regulatory obligations to which esi is subject to, or deleted.
rights of access, correction, removal or deletion of your data
you can request at any time information about personal data that esi group processes about you and request the correction or deletion of such personal data. please note, however, that esi group can delete your personal data only if there is no statutory obligation or prevailing right of esi group to retain it. to do this, please use the following contact: dataprotection [at] esi-group.com
cookies
a cookie is a small file which asks permission to be placed on your computer's hard drive. once you agree, the file is added and the cookie helps analyze web traffic or let us know when you visit a site. cookies allow web applications to respond to you as an individual. the web application can tailor its operations to your needs, likes and dislikes by gathering and remembering information about your preferences.
we use traffic log cookies to identify which pages are being used. this helps us analyze data about webpage traffic and improve our website to tailor it to customer needs. we only use this information for statistical analysis purposes and then the data is removed from the system. a cookie in no way gives us access to your computer or any information about you, other than the data you choose to share with us.
you can choose to accept or decline cookies. most web browsers automatically accept cookies, but you can usually modify your browser setting to decline cookies if you prefer. this may prevent you from taking full advantage of the website.
for marketing and sales purposes, a profiling tracking is activated on our website. to deactivate this tracking, a banner is set at the bottom of every webpage. selecting “no” deactivates the cookie therefore the profiling tracking.
social media
esi group uses several social media. you can establish the connection to these medias and declare your consent to the transmission of data by clicking on “like”, or “share”…
if you do not want social media to collect data about you via our website, you have to log out of the social media before visiting our site. another way to protect your privacy is to configure directly personal data parameters on the social media. you can consult the purposes and scope of the data collection as well as the provisions for the use of your data by the corresponding platform in the data protection provisions of the respective site operator.
terms of use of the website documents
the documents you can download here are protected by the copyright laws of their authors and beneficiaries. your use of these documents should be strictly personal. copies may be made only in the case of information sharing with your colleagues. apart from this, you agree not to send the documents to any third parties, to respect the authors’ rights, not to change the text, or to remove the copyright mentions.
updated june, 12, 2018
about esi group
