
homehome
our productsour productssleeping & hammocksleeping & hammockhiking & camping essentialhiking & camping essentialtent & sheltertent & sheltercamp furniturecamp furniturefirst aid & survivalfirst aid & survival
sleeping & hammocksleeping & hammock
hiking & camping essentialhiking & camping essential
tent & sheltertent & shelter
camp furniturecamp furniture
first aid & survivalfirst aid & survival
about etrolabout etrolcontact uscontact usout storyout storycareerscareers
contact uscontact us
out storyout story
careerscareers
log in
register
effectivedate: june 18, 2019.
by using or accessing this website you signify your acknowledgment and assent to this privacy policy. please read this policy carefully. if you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this website.

this policy is intended to help you understand how etrol.collect, use and safeguard the information you provide on this website. this policy covers this website and all etrol websites except where otherwise indicated.
collection of personal informationif you browse any etrol website, you may generally do so anonymously without providing any personal information. however, there are cases in which we may ask you for personal data. for example, we will occasionally conduct on-line surveys to better understand the needs and profile of our visitors. in addition, we may request personal information when you register to receive additional information regarding our products and services, download software, sign up for a newsletter or send us a question. in such cases, the personal information we request will typically consist of: your title, first and last name, mailing address and email address, as well as certain billing and credit card information for purposes of effecting payments. additionally, we may provide you with the option of submitting information such as your birthday, anniversary date, information regarding the size and composition of your household and your preferred retailers, all of which are intended to enhance your experience, and inform you, of our product and service offerings even if you choose not to give information we request, you can still visit most of the etrol website, but you may be unable to access certain options, offers and services.

ordersas noted above, when you place an order for a product or service, we need to know your name, e-mail address, mailing address. this personal information is required so that we can process and fulfill your order, send an order or shipping confirmation, as well as notify you of your order status.

etrol mailings/marketing communicationsif you provide us with personal information, and choose to join a particular company's e-mail list, we will place you on that company's list to receive e-mail regarding product/service updates, special offers, important issues and new products.

special casesnewell brands reserves the right to disclose user information in special cases, when we have reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property, other newell brands website users or anyone else that could be harmed by such activities. we may disclose personal information without notice to you in response to a subpoena or when we believe in good faith that the law requires it or to respond to an emergency situation. we also may disclose personal information as part of a merger or acquisition.
do-not-trackcurrently, (i) other parties (e.g. third-party advertising networks and analytics providers) may not collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our website or services, and (ii) we do not respond to, or take any specific action in connection with the receipt of, do-not-track signals or other similar mechanisms regarding the collection of personally identifiable information about an individual consumer’s online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services.
linked sitesplease be advised that this website may contain links to third party websites. the linked sites are not under the control of etrol, and we are not responsible for the content, or privacy practices or other activities of any linked site or any link on a linked site.
changes to your personal informationin case you have questions about this policy or our related practices, or wish to review, update or delete personal information about yourself submitted to or collected by us, we will endeavor to answer such questions, facilitate such review and correct, update or remove the personal data in question, as requested. in such case, please contact us via the contact points specified below:


additionally, if you would like your e-mail address removed from our database, please send an e-mail to service@etrol-us.com, and type the word "remove" in the subject line.


effective date: this policy is effective as of june 18, 2019.
help center
order status
login

customer service
privacy policy
amazon store
careers


©2021 etrol-us, llc.all rights reserved.

ꂐcontact us
facebook
twitter
instagram
youtube
connect with us
about etrol
