aplikácie
obchod
produkty univerzálny menič e2000ep66e800em30e600 menič čerpadla ep66pem30pe2100p všetky produkty meniče čerpadiel –  ep66p, em30p, e2100poemhfr softstarteruniverzálny menič
univerzálny menič
menič čerpadla
všetky produkty
na stiahnutie
o euradrives
kontaktujte nás
anglicky
personal data protection noticelast updated february 17, 2021
thank you for choosing to be a part of our community at elron s.r.o. („society“, „we“, „us“, „our“). we are committed to protecting your personal information and your right to privacy. if you have any questions or concerns regarding this privacy statement or our practices regarding your personal information, please contact us at [email protected]
when you visit our website, https://euradrives.eu.sk/ (the „website“) and, more generally, use any of our services (the „services“, which include the website), we appreciate that you trust us with your personal data. we take your privacy very seriously. in this privacy notice, we strive to explain to you as clearly as possible what information we collect, how we use it, and what rights you have in relation to it. we hope you read this carefully, because it is important. if there are conditions in this privacy notice that you do not agree to, stop using our services immediately.
this privacy statement applies to all information collected through our services (which, as described above, includes our website), as well as any related services, sales, marketing or events.
please read this privacy notice carefully as it will help you understand what we are doing with the information we collect.
contents
1. what information do we collect?
2. how do we use your information?
3. will your information be shared with someone?
4. do we use cookies and other monitoring technologies?
5. do we use google maps apat platform?
6. how long do we keep your information?
7. how do we keep your information safe?
8. do we collect information from minors?
9. what are your personal data protection rights?
10. non-functional controls
11. do people have califorum special privacy rights?
12. are we updating this notice?
13. how do you contact us about this notice?
14. how can you re-evaluate, update or delete the data we get from you?
1. what information do we collect?
personal information you share with us
in short: we collect the personal information you provide to us.
we collect personal information that you voluntarily provide to us when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our products and services, when you participate in activities on the website, or otherwise when you contact us.
the personal information we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us and the website, your decisions and the products and features you use. the personal information we collect includes:
your personal data. we collect names; telephone numbers, e-mail addresses; usernames; contact preferences; billing addresses; debit / credit card. numbers; contact or authentication details; passwords; and other similar information.
payment details. we may collect information needed to process your payment if you make purchases, such as your payment instrument number (such as a credit card number) and the security code associated with your payment. tool. all payment information is stored by stripe. links to links to privacy notices can be found here: https://stripe.com/en-gb-en/privacy.
all personal information you provide to us must be true, complete and accurate, and you must notify us of any changes to that personal information.
the information is collected automatically
in short, some information – such as your internet protocol (ip) address or browser and device properties – is collected automatically when you visit our website.
we automatically collect certain information when you visit, use or browse the website. this information does not reveal your specific identity (such as your name or contact information), but may include information about the device and usage, such as your ip address, browser and device properties, operating system, language preferences, referral urls, device name, country , information on how and when you use our website, and other technical information. this information is primarily necessary to ensure the security and operation of our website and for the purposes of our internal analysis and reporting.
like many companies, we collect information through cookies and similar technologies.
the information we collect includes:
diary and usage data. log and usage data is data about services, diagnostics, usage, and performance that our servers automatically collect when you access or use our website and that we record in log files. depending on how you communicate with us, this log information may include your ip address, device information, type and settings for
browser and information about your activity on the website (such as date and time stamps associated with your use, pages and files displayed), searches and other actions you take, such as which features you use), information about events on your device (such as system activity, error messages (sometimes called „landfill failures“) and hardware settings).device data. we collect information about the device, such as information about your computer, phone, tablet, or other device that you use to access the website. depending on the device used, this device information may include information such as your ip address (or proxy server), device and application ids, location, browser type, hardware model, isp and / or mobile operator, operating system, and configuration. system. information.location data. we collect location data, such as location information for your device, which may be accurate or inaccurate. how much information we collect depends on the type and settings of the device you use to access the website. for example, we may use gps and other technologies to collect geolocation data that tells us about your current location (based on your ip address). you can opt out of allowing us to collect this information, either by denying access to this information or by disabling location settings on your device. please note, however, that if you choose to opt out, you will not be able to use some aspects of the services.2. how do we use your information?
in short: we process your information for purposes based on legitimate business interests, the performance of our contract with you, the fulfillment of our legal obligations or your consent.
we use the personal information collected through our website for the various business purposes described below. we process your personal data for these purposes on the basis of our legitimate business interests, so that we may enter into or perform a contract with you with your consent and / or in accordance with our legal obligations. in addition to the individual purposes listed below, we list specific reasons we rely on.
we use the information we collect or receive:
to facilitate account creation and the login process. if you choose to link your account to us with a third party account (such as your google or facebook account), we will use the information you have allowed us to collect from those third parties to facilitate account creation and the sign-up process for the purpose of performing the agreement.to publish testimonials. we post testimonials on our website that may contain personal information. before publishing the review, we will obtain your consent to the use of your name and the content of the review. if you want to update or delete your report, contact us at [email protected] and do not forget to state your name, location of the report and contact details.request feedback. we may use your information to request feedback and to contact you regarding the use of our website.to enable communication between users. we may use your information to enable communication between users with the consent of each user.to manage user accounts. we may use your information to manage our account and keep it operational.so that we can send you administrative information. we may use your personal information to send you information about products, services and new features or information about changes to our terms and conditions and policies.to protect our services. we may use your information as part of our efforts to ensure the security of our website (for example, to monitor and prevent fraud).in order to enforce our terms and conditions for business purposes, to comply with legal and regulatory requirements or in connection with our contract.respond to legal requirements and prevent damage. if we receive a subpoena or other legal request, we may need to review the information we have to determine how to respond.fulfill and manage your orders. we may use your information to fulfill and manage your orders, payments, returns and exchanges made through the website.manage draws and prize competitions. we may use your information to manage draws and competitions when you decide to participate in our competitions.to provide and facilitate the provision of services to the user. we may use your information to provide you with the required service.to answer user questions / offer user support. we may use your information to answer your questions and resolve any potential issues you may have while using our services.to send you marketing and promotional communication. we or our third party marketing partners may use personal information that we provide
submit for our marketing purposes if it is consistent with your marketing preferences. for example, when you express an interest in obtaining information about us or our website, subscribing to marketing or otherwise contacting us, we will collect personal information from you. you can deactivate our marketing emails at any time (see „what are your personal protection rights“ below).we provide you with targeted advertising. we may use your data to develop and display customized content and advertising (and in cooperation with third parties who do so) tailored to your interests and / or location, and to measure its effectiveness.3. will your information be shared with someone?
in short: we only share information with your consent in order to comply with the law, provide you with services, protect your rights, or perform business duties.
we may process or share your data that we store on the following legal basis:
consent: we may process your data if you have given us specific consent to the use of your personal data for a specific purpose.legitimate interests: we may process your data if it is reasonably necessary to achieve our legitimate business interests.fulfillment of the contract: if we have concluded a contract with you, we may process your personal data in order to meet the conditions of our contract.legal obligations: we may disclose your information where required to do so by law to comply with applicable laws, government requests, court proceedings, court orders or legal proceedings, such as. in response to a court order or subpoena (for example, in response to public authorities to meet national security or law enforcement requirements).key interests: we may disclose your information if we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action in connection with possible violations of our policies, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the security of any person and illegal activities, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.more specifically, we may need to process your information or share your personal information in the following situations:
business transfers. we may share or transfer your information in connection with or during negotiations for any merger, sale of company property, financing or acquisition of all or part of our business to another company.4. do we use cookies and other monitoring technologies?
in short: we may use cookies and other tracking technologies to collect and store your data.
we may use cookies and similar tracking technologies (such as web beacons and pixels) to access or store information. specific information about how we use these technologies and how you may refuse certain cookies is provided in our cookie notice.
5. do we use google maps apat platform?
in short: yes, we use the google maps platform api to provide better services.
this website uses the google maps platform api, which is subject to google’s terms of service. the google maps platform terms of service can be found here. learn more about google’s privacy policy at this link. we retrieve and cache your location. you can revoke your consent at any time by contacting us using the contact details provided at the end of this document.
6. how long do we keep your information?
in short: we retain your information for as long as is necessary to meet the objectives set out in this privacy notice, unless otherwise required by law.
we will only retain your personal information for as long as is necessary for the purposes set forth in this privacy notice, unless the law requires or permits a longer retention period (such as tax, accounting or other legal requirements). nothing stated in this notice will require us to retain your personal information for more than 90 days.
if we do not have a legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize this information, or if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it. processing until they can be removed.
7. how do we keep your information safe?
in short: our goal is to protect your personal information through a system of organizational and technical security measures.
we have implemented appropriate technical and organizational security measures designed to protect the security of all personal data that we process. despite our safeguards and our efforts to secure your information, we cannot guarantee that no electronic transmission over the internet or information storage technologies will be 100% secure, so
we cannot promise or guarantee that hackers, cybercriminals or other unauthorized third parties will not be able to defeat our security and unlawfully collect, access, steal or modify your information. while we strive to protect your personal information, the transfer of personal information to and from our website is at your own risk. you should only access the website in a secure environment.
8. do we collect information from minors?
in short: we do not knowingly collect or trade data from children under the age of 18.
we do not knowingly request data from children under the age of 18 or provide it on the market. by using the website, you represent that you are at least 18 years of age or that you are the parent or guardian of such a minor and agree to the use of this website by a dependent. if we become aware that personal information has been collected from users under the age of 18, we will deactivate the account and take reasonable steps to immediately remove that information from our records. if you find out about any data we may have collected from children under the age of 18, please contact us at [email protected]
9. what are your personal data protection rights?
in short: in some regions, such as the european economic area, you have rights that give you better access to and control over your personal information. you can review, change or terminate your account at any time.
in some regions (for example in the european economic area) you have certain rights under the relevant data protection laws. this may include the right to (i) request access and obtain a copy of your personal information, (ii) request correction or deletion; (iii) limit the processing of your personal data; and (iv) if necessary for data portability. in certain circumstances, you may also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data. to make such a request, use the contact details below. we will consider and act on any request in accordance with applicable data protection laws.
if we rely on your consent to the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. please note, however, that this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing prior to its revocation, nor will it affect the processing of your personal data conducted for legal reasons other than consent.
if you reside in the european economic area and you think that we are processing your personal data illegally, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with the local data protection supervisory authority. you can find their contact details here: http://ec.europa.eu/justice/ data protection / authorities / authorities / index_en.htm.
if you reside in switzerland, the contact details of the data protection authorities are available here: https://www.edoeb.admin.ch/edoeb/en/home.html.
cookies and similar technologies: most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you wish, you can usually set your browser to delete cookies and re-run eject cookies. if you choose to delete or reject cookies, this may affect some features or services of our website. to opt out of advertiser interest-based advertising on our website, visit http://www.aboutads.info/choices/.
10. non-functional controls
most web browsers and some mobile operating systems and mobile applications include do-not-track („dnt“) or settings that you can enable to signal your privacy preferences so that data about your online activities is not tracked and collected. browsing. at this stage, a uniform technological standard for the recognition and implementation of dnt signals has not been completed. for this reason, we do not currently respond to dnt signals or any other mechanism that automatically communicates your choice, which should not be tracked online. if an online monitoring standard is adopted that we must adhere to in the future, we will notify you of this process in a revised version of this privacy notice.
11. do people have califorum special privacy rights?
in short: yes, if you reside in california, you are granted specific rights regarding access to your personal information.
the california civil code, section 1798.83, also known as the „shine the light“ act, allows our california residents to request and obtain from us, free of charge, information about categories of personal information (any) provided to third parties for direct marketing purposes. and the names and addresses of all third parties with whom we shared personal information in the immediately preceding calendar year. if you are a resident of california and would like to do so, please send us your request in writing using the contact information provided below.
if you are under 18, you live
in california and you have a registered account on the website, you have the right to request the removal of unwanted information that you publicly post on the website. to request the removal of this information, please contact us using the contact information below and provide the email address associated with your account and a statement that you are located in california. we will make sure that the data is not displayed publicly on the website. please note, however, that the data may not be completely or comprehensively deleted from all our systems (eg backups, etc.).
12. are we updating this notice?
in short: yes, we will update this notice as necessary to ensure compliance with applicable laws.
we may update this privacy notice from time to time. the updated version will be marked with the updated date „revised“ and the updated version will take effect as soon as it is available. if we make material changes to this privacy notice, we may notify you either by prominently posting a notice of such changes or by sending a direct notice. we encourage you to review this privacy notice frequently to learn how we protect your information.
13. how do you contact us about this notice?
if you have questions or comments about this announcement, you can send us an e-mail to [email protected] or by post to:
elron s.r.o.
popradskej brigády 23, 058 01 poprad, slovakia
14. how can you re-evaluate, update or delete the data we get from you?
under the applicable laws of your country, you may have the right to request, change, or delete access to personal information we collect from you in certain circumstances. to request that your personal information be reviewed, updated, or deleted, please click the submit form; here . we will respond to your request within 30 days.
potrebujete pomoc?
pre viac informácií o spoločnosti alebo službe nás neváhajte kontaktovať
spoločnosť
o nás
kontaktuje nás
novinky a aktualizácie
na stiahnutie
produkty
prehľad produktov
oem
softstarter
univerzálny menič
meniče čerpadiel
obchod
univerzálne meniče
e2000
e600
e800
ep66
em30
meniče čerpadiel
ep66p
em30p
e2100p
ochrana osobných údajov
podmineky cookies
obchodné podmienky
gdpr
copyright © web design by webdevelop.co
