contact us
myfederated
solutionswispenjoy a fixed wireless solution to serve rural markets.learn moresledtransform the public sector with more secure wireless networks.learn more
wispenjoy a fixed wireless solution to serve rural markets.learn more
sledtransform the public sector with more secure wireless networks.learn more
productsprivate wirelessget your private wireless network to meet business needs.learn morefixed wirelessprovide reliable, high-speed networks to empower daily lives.learn more
private wirelessget your private wireless network to meet business needs.learn more
fixed wirelessprovide reliable, high-speed networks to empower daily lives.learn more
servicesfixed wireless plannerdiscover network areas by deploying cbrs with confidence.learn morecertified professional installerbecome a certified professional installer (cpi) for cbrs deployments.learn morecbrs optimization servicesget the expertise and infrastructure for your cbrs deployments.learn more
fixed wireless plannerdiscover network areas by deploying cbrs with confidence.learn more
certified professional installerbecome a certified professional installer (cpi) for cbrs deployments.learn more
cbrs optimization servicesget the expertise and infrastructure for your cbrs deployments.learn more
technology
why federated wireless
support
contact us
resourcesblogguideswhitepapers
blog
guides
whitepapers
aboutcompanypartnerscareers
company
partners
careers
privacy policy
effective date: march 27, 2020
federated wireless, inc. (“federated wireless”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) recognizes the importance of privacy. in this privacy policy, we describe how we collect, use, and disclose information that we obtain about visitors to our website, www.federatedwireless.com (the “site”), and the services available through our site (collectively, the “services”).
by visiting the site or using any of our services, you agree that your personal information will be handled as described in this privacy policy. your use of our site or services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this privacy policy and our terms of use, including its applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. our terms of use are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy.
information we collect
we collect information about you directly from you, as well as automatically through your use of our site or services. we may combine information automatically collected with other information that we have collected about you. some of the types of information we collect may include service usage information such as websites visited, application and feature usage, network and device data, product and device-specific information, and identifiers. we may also automatically measure and monitor network performance and the performance of your connections to improve your, or our, service levels and products. if you contact us for service support, we also may access information about your computer or other device settings to provide customized technical support or to install specific applications or services that you use or that are necessary to the applications or services you use.
information we collect directly from you. we may collect certain information from you, such as your name, email address, address, and phone number if you fill out the “contact us” section through our site or apply for a job with us online. we will also collect any information that you otherwise provide to us, such as any files you upload (e.g., your resume) or comments that you provide. additionally, we will collect your social media information (such as the link to your linkedin profile) if you choose to provide it as part of your job application.
information we collect automatically.  we automatically collect information such as the following about your use of our site or services through cookies and other technologies: domain name; browser type; operating system type; pages or screens you view; links you click; ip address; when and the length of time you visit or use our services; and the referring url, or the webpage that led you to our site.
how we use your information
we may use your information, including personal information, for the following purposes:
providing our services.  to provide our services to you and for other customer service purposes.
communicating with you.  to communicate with you, including via email, about your use of our services; to respond to your inquiries; to provide you with news and newsletters, special offers, and promotions; to contact you about products or information we think may interest you; to process your job application that you submit through our site; and for other marketing, advertising, and promotional purposes.
analyzing use of our services.  to better understand how users access and use our site and services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis; to respond to user desires and preferences; and for other research and analytical purposes.
complying with the law.  to comply with applicable legal obligations.
how we disclose your information
we may use the information that we collect about you, including personal information, with the following entities:
affiliates. we may disclose your information to affiliates or subsidiaries for research, marketing, and other purposes consistent with this privacy policy.
service providers. we may disclose your information to our vendors, service providers, agents, or others who perform functions on our behalf, including to credit bureaus or collection agencies to determine credit risk, for reporting purposes or to obtain payment for our products and services.
we may also disclose information that we collect about you, including personal information, in the following ways:
business transfers. we may disclose your information to another entity if we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding.
in response to legal process. we may disclose your information in order to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, subpoena, court order, or other legal process.
to protect us and others. we may disclose your information where we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, situations involving potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our terms of use or this privacy policy, or as evidence in litigation in which we are involved.
aggregate and de-identified information. we may disclose aggregate or de-identified information about users for marketing, advertising, research, or similar purposes.
cookies and other tracking mechanisms
we and our service providers use cookies and other tracking mechanisms to track information about your use of our site or services.  we or our service providers may combine this information with other personal information we collect about you.
do not track. our site does not respond to do not track signals, but we do not track your activities once you leave our site.  you may disable certain tracking as discussed in this section (e.g., by disabling cookies).
cookies.  we or our service providers may use cookies to track visitor activity on our site.  a cookie is a text file that a website transfers to your computer’s hard drive for record-keeping purposes.  we or our service providers may use cookies to track user activities on our site, such as the pages visited and time spent on our site.  most browsers allow users to refuse cookies. the help portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your computer from accepting new cookies, how to have the browser notify you when you receive a new cookie, or how to disable cookies altogether.  visitors to our site who disable cookies may not be able to browse certain areas of the site.
clear gifs, pixel tags and other technologies.  clear gifs are tiny graphics with a unique identifier, similar in function to cookies, which are embedded invisibly on web pages.  we or our service providers may use clear gifs (also known as web beacons, web bugs, or pixel tags) in connection with our site to track the activities of visitors to our site, help us manage content, and compile statistics about usage of our site.  we or our service providers may also use clear gifs in html emails to our users to help us track email response rates, identify when our emails are viewed, and track whether our emails are forwarded.
third-party analytics.  we use third-party service providers, such as google analytics, to evaluate the use of our site and our services.  we or our service providers use automated devices and applications to evaluate use of our site and services. we or our service providers use these tools to help us improve our site, services, performance, and user experiences.  these entities may use cookies and other tracking technologies, such as web beacons or flash lso, to perform their services. you may opt out of the use of cookies by google analytics here.
third-party links
our site and services may contain links to third-party websites.  any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this privacy policy but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third-party websites.  we are not responsible for the information practices of such third-party websites.
security
we have taken steps to help protect the information we collect about you from loss, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction.  however, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security. you should take steps to protect against unauthorized access to your account by, among other things, choosing a robust password that nobody else knows or can easily guess and keeping your log-in and password private.  we are not responsible for any lost, stolen, or compromised passwords or for any activity on your account via unauthorized password activity.
your choices
you may modify the information that you have submitted by emailing us at [email protected]
we may send periodic promotional or informational emails to you.  you may opt out of such communications by following the opt-out instructions contained in the email.  please note that it may take up to ten (10) business days for us to process opt-out requests. if you opt out of receiving emails about recommendations or other information we think may interest you, we may still send you emails about services you have requested or received from us.
children
our services are not designed for children under eighteen (18) years of age.  if we discover that a child under 18 has provided us with personal information, we will promptly delete such information from our systems.
california residents
if you are a california resident, please review our california privacy addendum for additional rights that may be applicable to you.  the addendum is included below.
contact us
if you have questions about the privacy aspects of our site or services, please contact us at:
federated wireless, inc.4075 wilson boulevard, ninth floorarlington, va 22203703-650-0585[email protected]
changes to this privacy policy
this privacy policy is current as of the effective date set forth above.  we may change this privacy policy from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically.  we will post any changes to this privacy policy on our site. if we make any changes to this privacy policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our site.
california privacy addendum
date last updated: march 27, 2020
if you are a california resident, the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) provides you with certain rights regarding your personal information, including the right to know about personal information collected, disclosed, or sold; the right to request that we delete personal information that we have collected from you; the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information; and the right not to be discriminated against. all of these rights are subject to certain exceptions.
collection of personal information
when you visit or interact with our website, we may collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“personal information”). we may have collected the following categories of personal information over the past 12 months:
identifiers, such as your name, username, email address, or ip address.
categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of california civil code section 1798.80, such as your name and address, to the extent that you fill out the “contact us” section on our website or apply for a job with us.
characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law, such as your race, gender, disability status, and veteran status, to the extent that you choose to provide this information as part of your job application.
commercial information, such as your purchase records.
geolocation data.
audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
professional or employment-related information, such as your company name and address.
education information, such as your college records.
inferences drawn from any of the information identified above, such as advertising profiles.
we collect the personal information listed above from the following sources:
from you directly, when you provide information through the “contact us” section on our website.
from your operating system and platforms.
automatically from you when you visit our website.
disclosure or sale of personal information
in the last 12 months, we may have disclosed the following categories of personal information for our business or commercial purposes:
identifiers.
categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of california civil code section 1798.80.
characteristics of protected classifications under california or federal law.
commercial information.
internet or other electronic network activity information.
geolocation information.
audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory, or similar information.
professional or employment information.
education information.
inferences drawn from any of the information listed above.
we may have shared any of the information listed above with:
service providers.
data analytics providers.
affiliates.
we disclose your personal information for the following purposes:
business transfers.
in response to a legal request.
to understand how users interact with our website.
to process your job application.
to protect us and others.
your rights
right to know
california residents have the right to request that we disclose certain information about our collection and use of your personal information over the past twelve months (“right to know”).  once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will disclose to you:
the categories of personal information we collected about you.
the categories of sources for the personal information we collected about you.
the categories of personal information that we have disclosed for a business or commercial purpose.
our business or commercial purposes for collecting or selling personal information.
the categories of third parties with whom we share that personal information.
the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you (i.e., a data portability request).
right to delete
california residents have the right to request that we delete the personal information that we collect from you and retain, subject to certain exceptions (“right to delete”). once we receive and confirm your verifiable consumer request, we will delete (and direct our service providers to delete) your personal information from our records, unless an exception applies.
right to opt-out of sale
the ccpa provides california residents with the right to opt-out of the sale of their personal information. we do not “sell” your personal information. additionally, we do not knowingly “sell” personal information of minors under the age of 16.
right to nondiscrimination
the ccpa provides california residents with the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for the exercise of their privacy rights conferred by the ccpa. we will not discriminate against you for exercising any of your ccpa rights.
exercising your rights
if you are a california resident and wish to request for us to provide you with your right to know or right to delete, you may submit a request to us through the following ways:
by email at [email protected]
by postal mail at:federated wireless, inc.4075 wilson boulevard, ninth floorarlington, va 22203703-650-0585[email protected]
upon receiving a request from you, we will first verify your identity by asking you to provide your name, phone number, and email address. we will confirm your identity by matching the information you provide with what we have on file. we may ask you for additional information to verify your identity or to comply with your request.
authorized agent
you may authorize an agent to make a request on your behalf. to designate an agent, please provide a written and signed document by both you and the agent that authorizes the agent to act on your behalf. you may also use a power of attorney. we will still require you to provide sufficient information to allow us to reasonably verify that you are the person about whom we collected personal information.
contact for more information
if you wish to contact us regarding our california privacy addendum, you may do so through the following methods:
by email at [email protected]
by postal mail at:federated wireless, inc.4075 wilson boulevard, ninth floorarlington, va 22203703-650-0585[email protected]
changes to this california privacy addendum
this california privacy addendum is current as of the date last updated set forth above. we may change this california privacy addendum from time to time, so please be sure to check back periodically. we will post any changes to this california privacy addendum on our site. if we make any changes to this california privacy addendum that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our site.
connecting youto the future
federated wireless is the market leader in shared spectrum. we provide innovation and services that connect people, businesses, and industries to the future.
© federatedwireless. 2022
products
private wireless
fixed wireless
services
cbrs optimization services
certified professional installer
fixed wireless planner
news & events
press releases
media coverage
events
solutions
wisp
sled
resources
blog
guides
whitepapers
help & support
myfederated
report cbrs interference
reseller maintenance & support
about
technology
why federated wireless
company
partners
careers
legal
privacy policy
terms of use
data privacy statement
end-customer agreement
