privacy policy - infinite flight app
who are we?
we are infinite flight llc (“infinite flight”, “we,” “our,” “us”). we recognise that you care how information about you is collected and used and have created this privacy policy to inform you of our practices regarding collection, use, and sharing of information.
the practices described in this privacy policy apply to information gathered through our game, “infinite flight” and through our main websites "infiniteflight.com", (“app”, “game”, “simulator”, "website"), and do not reflect our practices with respect to information gathered through offline means or through our other services, specifically our community forum (“community.infiniteflight.com”), collectively “services”, governed by their own privacy policy.
this privacy policy will be published in english. if this privacy policy is published in any language other than english, the english language version will be the governing agreement and shall control interpretation of all matters discussed below.
please read the following carefully and do not hesitate to contact us via [email protected] if you have any questions about how we use your personal information. use of the game is subject to the terms of use and to our personal information gathering and dissemination practices and policies described below.
what information do we hold about you?
your personal information
if you have linked your infinite flight community account, we hold your username and email address for the purpose of identification. we obtain this when you link your account in the app with an infinite flight community account. if you link this account inside the app, you are no longer anonymous to us.
ip address and device type
we hold the ip address and device type (specifically, the model and/or operating system you are running the app on) for each multiplayer session you use the app. this is for the purpose of system diagnostics and for the prevention and detection of fraud.
how do we use this information?
we use your information to provide our services. this is to:
help us manage your account.
help us manage your account.
identify you for each session and load your associated account details.
identify you for each session and load your associated account details.
improve our services (system diagnostics).
improve our services (system diagnostics).
fraud detection and prevention.
fraud detection and prevention.
who do we share your information with?
at any time while your account is active, your information may be shared with:
our employees (either within infinite flight llc, a parent or subsidiary company) and contractors who may require access to perform their jobs.
our employees (either within infinite flight llc, a parent or subsidiary company) and contractors who may require access to perform their jobs.
business partners we use to provide our services, including software-as-a-service providers.
business partners we use to provide our services, including software-as-a-service providers.
anyone who you give us explicit permission to share it with.
anyone who you give us explicit permission to share it with.
we’ll also share it to comply with the law; to enforce our terms and conditions or other agreements; or to protect the rights, property or safety of us, our customers or others.
how long do we keep your data for?
we keep your data until your account is terminated. you can request for us to terminate your account by contacting us through [email protected]
what are your rights?
request access to all personal data about you we store.
request access to all personal data about you we store.
request for us to update your personal information.
request for us to update your personal information.
request data deletion. note this will result in the termination of your account.
request data deletion. note this will result in the termination of your account.
request termination of processing. this would require the termination of your account and the subsequent deletion of your personally identifiable data.
request termination of processing. this would require the termination of your account and the subsequent deletion of your personally identifiable data.
to do so, please contact us through [email protected]
where do we store your data?
your data is stored in the united states, although it may be processed by our employees or our suppliers in other areas including within the european economic area (‘eea’). we may share data with organisations and countries that:
the european commission say have adequate data protection.
the european commission say have adequate data protection.
we’ve agreed standard data protection clauses with.
we’ve agreed standard data protection clauses with.
third party links
occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or link to third party products or services in our game. these third party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites.
does infinite flight llc comply with the children’s online privacy protection act?
our game is directed to people who are at least 13 years old or older. if you are under the age of 13, per the requirements of coppa (children's online privacy protection act), you are not permitted to use the game or any infinite flight llc service.
does infinite flight llc comply with the eu general data protection regulation?
infinite flight llc respects privacy rights under regulation (eu) 2016/679, the european union’s general data protection regulation (gdpr). your rights are outlined in the above section, “what are your rights?”, specifically relating to access, rectification, erasure and data portability.
how can you terminate your account?
you can request for us to terminate your account by contacting us through [email protected]
how can i contact infinite flight llc about privacy?
you can send questions and complaints to:
infinite flight llc. ([email protected])
european users with questions or complaints about gdpr compliance should also address infinite flight llc’s representative in the union:
laura laban - [email protected]
changes to this policy
we’ll post any changes we make to our privacy notice on this page and, if they’re significant changes we’ll let you know within the game of through an announcement through our services.
last revision: march 3rd, 2022
support & features
for expert support and all feature requests, please visit our community forum at community.infiniteflight.com
connect
app store is a service mark of apple inc., registered in the u.s. and other countries. google play and the google play logo are trademarks of google llc."carry your passion" is a trademark of infinite flight llc. © 2022, infinite flight llc.terms of service | privacy policy
