investors
suppliers
employees
about gd                                                             ethos                                                                             corporate responsibility                                                                             leadership                                                                             history
ethos
corporate responsibility
leadership
history
our businesses                                                             aerospace                                                                             marine                                                                             combat                                                                             technologies
aerospace
marine
combat
technologies
news                                                             press releases                                                                             featured news                                                                             media gallery
press releases
featured news
media gallery
careers                                                             job search                                                                             benefits                                                                             diversity & inclusion                                                                             veterans                                                                             internships
job search
benefits
diversity & inclusion
veterans
internships
privacy policy
at general dynamics, your privacy is important to us. we respect your concerns about privacy and are committed to handling your personal information responsibly. this privacy notice is provided as part of our commitment to privacy and describes the types of personal information we collect on www.gd.com, how we may use that information, and with whom we may share that information. this privacy notice also describes the measures we take to protect the security of the information. we also tell you how you can reach us to provide feedback, inquire about our company and its services, or answer questions you may have about our privacy practices.
information we collect and how we use it
information may be automatically collected by our website, including your ip address, the address of the site you visited just prior to ours, and number of times an article or page from our site has been shared. information may also be voluntarily provided by you, such as your name, address, telephone number, and/or email address. below are the ways you may choose to voluntarily provide us with your information, the types of information we collect in those instances, and how we may use the information you provide.
•	supplier management system
through our supplier management system, general dynamics identifies companies and others capable of providing products and services in our supply chain. when you enroll in our enterprise supplier registration portal online, we ask you to fill out a registration form and provide information about your business. we use the enrollment information to evaluate your application and to contact you.
•	investor relations
you may choose to provide your email address to receive alerts on general dynamics’ press releases, events, sec filings, eod stock quotes, and annual reports. if at any time you wish to unsubscribe from an alert, you can do so on the investors page of www.gd.com, by selecting the “unsubscribe” link from within the alert email, or by responding to the email with your request to be unsubscribed.
•	career opportunities
you can submit your resume and other information online to apply for jobs with general dynamics. we use third-party service providers to help us conduct recruitment-related activities. we use the information you submit to evaluate your job application and to contact you regarding possible careers with general dynamics.
•	contact us
you may choose to contact us through our website. if you email us or submit comments or questions using the contact us form on this website, we will use the information you provide to respond to your inquiries.
cookies and log files
cookie information
like many companies, we use cookies and log files on our website. cookies are small text files that web sites often store on the computer hard drives of visitors to their sites. a cookie contains a unique code, which is used to recognize your computer when a user of your computer returns to a website that was visited previously. log files are small text files that web sites automatically create when a user visits a site. we use cookies and log files to enhance the online experience of our visitors and to better understand how our site is used.
there are three main types of cookies we use on our site, depending on their function and intended purpose: strictly necessary cookies, performance cookies, and functional cookies.
cookie categories and why we use them
strictly necessary cookies: these cookies are essential to enable you to move around a website and use its features.
performance/analytics cookies:  these cookies collect information about how you use our website. for example, these cookies identify which pages you visit and if you experience any errors. the information collected does not personally identify you and is anonymous and aggregated. these cookies provide information that we use to improve our website and enhance your experience, for example, the internet browsers and operating systems used, the domain name of the website previously visited, the number of visits, average duration of a visit, and pages viewed. more information about our use of this type of cookie is provided below.
functionality cookies: these cookies allow the website to remember choices you make (for example, your language preference, or the area or region you are in) and enable the use of content sharing tools (for example, addthis), which allow you to easily share content on social media networks and via email. more information about our use of this type of cookie is provided below.
cookies we use
our website uses the cookies listed below. these cookies allow us to track the number of visitors and to see how visitors move through the website. we use this information to improve our website, for example, by making highly visited content easier to find. unless otherwise noted, the data collected does not personally identify you.
some of our cookies are from third party services that help make your experience on our website better, for example, by enabling you to easily share information on social media networks.
managing your cookies
you can choose at any time to change the way your browser handles cookies. the “help” portion of the toolbar on most browsers will tell you how to stop accepting new cookies, how to be notified when you receive a new cookie, and how to disable existing cookies. remember though, without cookies, you may not be able to take full advantage of all website features, such as submitting a resume online to pursue career opportunities with general dynamics.
for more information about google analytics cookies, please see google’s help pages and privacy policy:
google’s privacy policy
google analytics opt-out
for more information about addthis cookies, please see oracle’s help pages and privacy policy:
oracle addthis privacy policy
addthis opt-out
these external resources provide detailed information about types of cookies, how they are used, and how you can manage your cookie preferences. www.allaboutcookies.org
to change how cookies are handled on your device, refer to the relevant settings within your browser. use the below links for information on how to disable and delete cookies in these common browsers:
mozilla firefox®
microsoft® internet explorer
google chrome™
safari®
information we share
we do not sell, rent, or otherwise trade for valuable consideration personal information collected on or from you as a user of our website.  as described herein, there are instances where we may share the information you provide with companies that are affiliated with general dynamics. we also share information provided by our website visitors with service providers we have retained to perform services on our behalf (for example, to assist with recruiting activities). in addition, we may disclose information about you (i) if we are required to do so by law or (ii) when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent physical harm or financial loss, or in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
we reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets. should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to try to ensure that the transferee uses personal information you have provided through this website in a manner that is consistent with this privacy notice.
links to other websites
we may provide links to other web sites for your convenience and information. these sites may operate independently from www.gd.com and may not be under our control. these sites may have their own privacy notices in place, which we strongly suggest you review if you visit any linked web sites. the entities that operate these sites are responsible for the content of their sites, any products or services they may offer through their sites or any other use of their sites.
security
we maintain administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the personal information in our possession. we provide security controls to protect the information you submit online against foreseeable hazards.
updates to this privacy notice
we may change or update portions of this privacy notice at any time and without prior notice to you.
this policy was last updated: march 2020.
privacy questions or comments
should you have any questions about this policy, our privacy practices, or you wish to submit a data privacy request – please visit our data privacy request form here.
contact us
about gd
our businesses
news
careers
investors
suppliers
employees
faqs


copyright 2022 general dynamics corporation
terms of use
privacy policy
accessibility
contact us
we use cookies to enhance your website experience. by continuing to visit this site, you agree to our use of cookies.            learn more
