+1 248-397-8856
support@ghielectronics.com
productssitcore.net micro frameworklongevitydistributors
sitcore
.net micro framework
longevity
distributors
developersitcore start!sitcore experimentdocumentationsupport
sitcore start!
sitcore experiment
documentation
support
companypressabout ussocial responsibilitypoliciescontact us
press
about us
social responsibility
policies
contact us
policies
productssitcore.net micro frameworklongevitydistributors
sitcore
.net micro framework
longevity
distributors
developersitcore start!sitcore experimentdocumentationsupport
sitcore start!
sitcore experiment
documentation
support
companypressabout ussocial responsibilitypoliciescontact us
press
about us
social responsibility
policies
contact us
ghi electronics takes your concerns and needs very seriously. please reach out to us if you have any questions or concerns — we’ll do our best to help.
toxic substance control act(tsca) declaration
ghi electronics’ components and their homogeneous sub-components manufactured under the lead-free program are in compliance with the toxic substances control act of 1976 and its section 6(h) rules released on jan 6, 2021. all ghi electronics’ parts have been identified as compliant do not contain any of the following designated substances.
pip 3:1 phenol, isopropylated phosphate (3:1), cas 68937-41-7 (flame retardant and plasticizer)
decabde decabromodiphenyl ether, cas 1163-19-5 (flame retardant)
2,4,6 ttbp 2,4,6-tris(tert-butyl)phenol, cas 732-26-3 (antioxidant, lubricant, and fuel additive)
hcbd hexachlorobutadiene, cas 87-68-3 (hydraulic, heat transfer, or transformer fluid)
pctp pentachlorothiophenol, cas 133-49-3 (plasticizer)
ghi electronics is committed to environmental and health safety. in this context, we strictly observe the control and restriction of chemicals as required by laws and authorities. to the best of our knowledge, none of the chemicals affected by tsca are contained in our products.ghi electronics’ sole liability for incorrectly certifying a product shall be either replacement of the ghi electronics’ product or, alternatively and in the sole discretion of ghi electronics’, return of the purchase price paid for the relevant ghi electronics’ product.toxic substance control act – tsca declaration
rohs & reach compliance
ghi electronics components and their homogeneous sub-components are manufactured in compliance with european union directive 2015/863 (rohs directive) & reach requirements
rohs & reach declaration document
drc conflict free policy
ghi electronics supports worldwide concerns that metals mined in conflict areas of the democratic republic of the congo (drc) may be making their way into the electronics supply chain. ghi electronics works with its suppliers to ensure that they do not knowingly obtain gold, columbite-tantalum, wolframite or cassiterite from conflict areas of the drc. ghi electronics is continually surveying our supply chain regarding sourcing and procurement of gold, columbite-tantalum, wolframite and cassiterite as well with their derivatives tin, tungsten, and tantalum. while ghi electronics makes every effort to abstain from use of these conflict minerals, due to traceability issues, ghi electronics cannot verify with 100% certainty that our supply chain is conflict free until better oversight in the drc and a more transparent supply chain may be established.
cmrt 6.10 document
propostion 65
warning: these products can expose you to chemicals including formaldehyde, which known to the state of california to cause cancer, and toluene, which is know to the state of california to cause birth defects or other reproductive harm. for more information go to:www.p65warnings.ca.gov
copyright policy
ownership of copyright
the copyright in this website and the material on this website (including without limitation the text, computer code, artwork, photographs, images, music, audio material, video material, and audio-visual material on this website) is owned by ghi electronics.
copyright license
ghi electronics grants to you a worldwide non-exclusive royalty-free revocable license to:
view this website and the material on this website on a computer or mobile device via a web browser;
copy and store this website and the material on this website in your web browser cache memory; and
print pages from this website for your own [personal and non-commercial] use.
ghi electronics does not grant you any other rights in relation to this website or the material on this website. in other words, all other rights are reserved. for the avoidance of doubt, you must not adapt, edit, change, transform, publish, republish, distribute, redistribute, broadcast, rebroadcast, or show or play in public this website or the material on this website (in any form or media) without ghi electronics prior written permission.
data mining
the automated and/or systematic collection of data from this website is prohibited.
permissions
you may request permission to use the copyright materials on this website by email or by mail to webmaster c/o ghi electronics, 501 e whitcomb ave, madison heights, mi 48071, us.
enforcement of copyright
ghi electronics takes the protection of its copyright very seriously. if ghi electronics discovers that you have used its copyright materials in contravention of the license above, ghi electronics may bring legal proceedings against you seeking monetary damages and an injunction to stop you using those materials. you could also be ordered to pay legal costs. if you become aware of any use of ghi electronics copyright materials that contravenes or may contravene the license above, please report this by email to support@ghielectronics.com or by post to ghi electronics, 501 e whitcomb ave, madison heights, mi 48071, us.
infringing material
if you become aware of any material on the website that you believe infringes your or any other person’s copyright, please report this by email or by mail to webmaster c/o ghi electronics, 501 e whitcomb ave, madison heights, mi 48071, us.
privacy policy
this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their ‘personally identifiable information’ (pii) is being used online. pii, as described in us privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website.
what personal information do we collect from the people that visit our blog, website or app?
when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address, phone number or other details to help you with your experience.
when do we collect information?
we collect information from you when you subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form or enter information on our site.
how do we use your information?
we may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
to improve our website in order to better serve you.
to send periodic emails regarding your order or other products and services.
to follow up with them after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
how do we protect your information?
we do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to pci standards.we only provide articles and information. we never ask for credit card numbers.we use regular malware scanning.
your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. in addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology.
we implement a variety of security measures when a user enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
all transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers
do we use ‘cookies’?
yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
we use cookies to:
compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser settings. since every browser is a little different, look at your browser’s help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
if you turn cookies off, it won’t affect the user’s experience.
third-party disclosure
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information
third-party links
occasionally, at our discretion, we may include or offer third-party products or services on our website. these third-party sites have separate and independent privacy policies. we therefore have no responsibility or liability for the content and activities of these linked sites. nonetheless, we seek to protect the integrity of our site and welcome any feedback about these sites.
google
google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by google’s advertising principles. they are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
we use google adsense advertising on our website.
google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. google’s use of the dart cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the internet. users may opt-out of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the google ad and content network privacy policy.
we have implemented the following:
demographics and interests reporting
we, along with third-party vendors such as google, use first-party cookies (such as the google analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the doubleclick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
opting out
users can set preferences for how google advertises to you using the google ad settings page. alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the network advertising initiative opt out page or by using the google analytics opt out browser add on.
california online privacy protection act
caloppa is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. the law’s reach stretches well beyond california to require any person or company in the united states (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from california consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – see more at: https://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0fdrbt51.dpuf
according to caloppa, we agree to the following:
users can visit our site anonymously.once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.our privacy policy link includes the word ‘privacy’ and can easily be found on the page specified above.
you will be notified of any privacy policy changes:• on our privacy policy page
you can change your personal information:• by emailing us
how does our site handle do not track signals?
we honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a do not track (dnt) browser mechanism is in place.
does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
it’s also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
coppa (children online privacy protection act)
when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the children’s online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control. the federal trade commission, united states’ consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.we do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
fair information practices
the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
in order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
we will notify you via email• within 1 business day
we also agree to the individual redress principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
can spam act
the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
we collect your email address in order to:
• send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions• market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
to be in accordance with canspam, we agree to the following:
• not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.• identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.• include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.• monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.• honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.• allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can simply email us.
terms of use
by accessing and using this web site you agree to be bound by the following terms of use and all terms and conditions contained and/or referenced herein or any additional terms and conditions set forth on this web site and all such terms shall be deemed accepted by you. if you do not agree to all these terms of use, you should not use this web site. if you do not agree to any additional specific terms which apply to particular content (as defined below) or to particular transactions concluded through this web site, then you should not use the part of the web site which contains such content or through which such transactions may be concluded and you should not use such content or conclude such transactions.
these terms of use may be amended by ghi electronics at any time. such amended terms of use shall be effective upon posting on this web site. please check the terms of use published on this web site regularly to ensure that you are aware of all terms governing your use of this web site. other ghi electronics web sites may have their own terms of use which apply to such web sites. also, specific terms and conditions may apply to specific content, products, materials, services, or information contained on or available through this web site (the “content”) or transactions concluded through this web site. such specific terms may be in addition to these terms of use or, where inconsistent with these terms of use, only to the extent the content or intent of such specific terms is inconsistent with these terms of use, such specific terms will supersede these terms of use.
ghi electronics reserves the right to make changes or updates with respect to or in the content of the web site or the format thereof at any time without notice. ghi electronics reserves the right to terminate or restrict access to the web site for any reason whatsoever at its sole discretion.
although care has been taken to ensure the accuracy of the information on this web site, ghi electronics assumes no responsibility thereof.
all content is provided “as is” and “as available”. ghi electronics hereby expressly disclaims any representations or warranties of any kind, express or implied, including without limitation warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose, non-infringement, or as to the operation of this web site or the content. ghi electronics does not warrant or make any representations as to the security of this web site. you acknowledge that any information sent may be intercepted. ghi electronics does not warrant that the web site or the servers which make this web site available or electronic communications sent by ghi electronics are free from viruses or any other harmful elements.
in no event shall ghi electronics or any of its affiliates be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, punitive, special or incidental damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business, contract, revenue, data, information or business interruption) resulting from, arising out of, or in connection with the use of, or inability to use this web site or the content, even if ghi electronics has been advised of the possibility of such damages. any action brought against ghi electronics pertaining to or in connection with this web site must be commenced and notified to ghi electronics in writing within one (1) year after the date the cause for action arose.
this web site may provide links to other web sites that are not under the control of ghi electronics. ghi electronics shall not be responsible in any way for the content of such other web sites. ghi electronics provides such links only as a convenience to the user of this web site, and the inclusion of any link to any such web sites does not imply endorsement by ghi electronics of the content of such web sites.
copyright and all other proprietary rights in the content (including but not limited to software, audio, video, text, and photographs) rests with ghi electronics, llc or its licensors. all rights in the content not expressly granted herein are reserved. except as otherwise provided, the content published on this web site may be reproduced or distributed in unmodified form for personal non-commercial use only. any other use of the content, including without limitation distribution, reproduction, modification, display or transmission without the prior written consent of ghi electronics is strictly prohibited. all copyright and other proprietary notices shall be retained on all reproductions.
any material or information sent through or in connection with this web site by you (“user materials”) will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary, and immediately become the property of ghi electronics, subject to any privacy policies posted on this web site. ghi electronics may use such user materials as it deems fit, anywhere in the world, without obligation for compensation, and free of any moral rights to the extent permitted by legislation, intellectual property rights and/or other proprietary rights in or to such user materials.
the web site may contain references to specific ghi electronics products and services that may not be (readily) available in a particular country. any such reference does not imply or warrant that any such products or services shall be available at any time in any particular country. please contact your local ghi electronics business contact for further information.
software made available for downloading from or through this web site is licensed subject to the terms of the applicable license agreement. except as set forth in the applicable license agreement, the software is made available for use by end users only and any further copying, reproduction, or redistribution of the software is expressly prohibited.
warranties, if any, with respect to our software and hardware shall only apply as expressly set forth in the applicable license agreement. ghi electronics hereby expressly disclaims all further representations and warranties of any kind, express or implied, including warranties of merchantability, fitness for any particular purpose or non-infringement with respect to the software. for additional information please read our disclaimer and warranty policy. these terms of use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the united states of america without regard to its principles of conflict of laws. you agree to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of michigan, the united states of america for any claim or cause of action arising out of, or relating to or in connection with these terms of use or this web site, provided that such exclusivity does not apply to legal actions initiated or brought by ghi electronics.
personal information provided or collected through or in connection with this web site shall only be used in accordance with ghi electronics’ privacy policy.
return policy
while we take quality seriously, in the rare event you experience a quality issue with our products, we will gladly accept returns for evaluation within 6 months from the date of receipt.  once a quality issue is confirmed, we will repair/replace.
please note:
you are responsible for shipping charges to send the product to us for evaluation. should we determine that an actual quality issue does exist, we will return ship free of charge.  if no quality issue is confirmed after evaluation, then you will be responsible for return shipping charges.
returns must include all factory accessories which come with the item.
returns must reference the provided rma number.
if we determine no quality issue is present, or the problem was not due to being defective, there may be a charge for the evaluation time involved. therefore, it is important that the problem being experienced is confirmed at your end as a quality issue before requesting an rma.
email us to begin the rma process. we will ask for:
a copy of your receipt/invoice for the purchase of the product.
what problems you are experiencing with the product.
quantity being returned for evaluation.
your e-mail address is only used to send our monthly newsletter and important product updates. you can always unsubscribe.
email address*name
email address*
name

policies
