
englishعربىdeutschdutchenglishespañolفارسیfrançaisindonesiaitaliano日本語한국어polskiportuguêsрусскийไทยtürkiyetiếng việt繁體中文简体中文
privacy policy

what personal data we collect
giga-byte technology co., ltd. is the ‘controller’ of the personal data you provide to us. we only collect basic personal data about you which does not include any special types of information or sensitive information. this does however include your email, and sometimes your name and address.
why we need it
we need to know your basic personal data in order to provide you with services such as:•product trouble shooting•warranty inquiries•repair services•product purchase and shipment•product registration•entry to contests, sweepstakes or giveaways•product rebates•entry to online gaming events• contents you may be interested in• access to user forumswe will not collect any personal data from you that we do not need in order to provide and oversee these services to you.
with your consent
if you have consented to receive product news/promotional offers from us, we will send such content to the email address you have provided. however you may choose to opt out of receiving such emails anytime via your profile settings or by following the opt-out instructions embedded in the emails.
gigabyte community
gigabyte community is provided as a service to enable gigabyte members to interact with each other. data collected when you access gigabyte community includes：(1) user data：name, nationality, e-mail address.(2) non user data：content you post in gigabyte community, including but not limited to articles, pictures, photos, audio/video, interaction with other members.(3) usage data：personal data that is collected about you when you’re accessing and/or using gigabyte community, including: ip addresses, visiting time, location, the type of web browser and the version, operation system, page view, breadcrumbs, language, click behavior and its corresponding time.
social logins
if you login or register on any of our websites using credentials of a third party social media network such as facebook or twitter, you authorize us to collect your authentication information, which is generally limited to your name/username, e-mail address, and encrypted access credentials. we store/use such information as explained in this privacy statement. however, we are not responsible for the terms of use and privacy policies for any of these third party social media networks. please visit their websites for more information about their privacy policies and terms of use.
sharing with 3rd parties
we employ other companies and individuals to perform functions on our behalf. examples include fulfilling orders, delivering packages and providing customer service. they have access to personal information needed to perform their functions, but may not use it for other purposes.
how we store your data
all the personal data we process is processed by our staff in taiwan and the it hosting and maintenance of this information is located on servers within taiwan. we have a data protection regime in place to oversee the effective and secure processing of your personal data. we will keep your basic personal data (name, address, contact details) for 5 years after the last user activity, after which time it will be destroyed.
cookies
cookies are small data files sent to your browser when you visit a site. we use cookies to do the following:•log you in to our services•remember preferences and settings•better understand how people are using our services, and improve and promote those services based on that informationyou may opt to disable cookies by clicking on the cookies notice at the top of our website and adjusting the settings in your browser. however if you choose this, some website functionality may be impaired.
third-party tracking cookies and advertising/analytics services
additionally, we use tracking cookies from other companies. these tracking cookies allow us to recognize you on third-party websites, and enable us to show you personalized content there. for example, if you visit one of our website pages, you may later see an ad for aorus or gigabyte products when you visit a tech news site.the third party tracking cookies and advertising/analytics services we use are:•google analytics:for information about google analytics currently available opt-outs, please clickhere.•google adwords:withads settings, users can opt out of personalized ads, including remarketing.•facebook pixels:if you don't want facebook to use information based on your activity on websites or apps off facebook for the purpose of showing you ads, you can opt out in yourad settings.•yandex metrica:to prohibit all the sites that you visit from sending data to yandex.metrica, install theyandex.metrica blocker.•hotjar:hotjar is a technology service that helps us better understand our users' experience (eg how much time they spend on which pages, which links they choose to click, what users do and don't like, etc.) and this enables us to build and maintain our service with user feedback. for information on how to opt out of being tracked by hotjar, please clickhere.
children's online privacy protection
our service is not provided to children under the age of 13 years. we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under 13 years or under the applicable age limit. if we learn that we have collected the personal data of a child under the age of 13 years, we will take reasonable steps to delete the personal data.
what are your rights?
if you wish to correct, modify, or deleted your personal data, you may do so through the settings in your profile in the applicable platform. where profile settings are not accessible/applicable, or if you wish to raise a complaint /question on how we have handled your personal data, you can contact our data manager atmydata@gigabyte.com.
updating this privacy policy
we may revise this privacy policy from time to time. the changes will not be retroactive, and the most current version of the privacy policy can always be foundhere.we will try to notify you of material revisions, for example via a service notification or an email to the email associated with your account.
©2022 giga-byte technology co., ltd. all rights reserved.　            |  terms of use  |  privacy policy
