privacy and cookie policy
last revised: june 10, 2018
greenroad driving technologies ltd. its subsidiaries and affiliates, d/b/a greenroad,  (“greenroad” or “we”) respects the privacy of its app's users and is committed to protect its users’ information. we believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you use our "greenroad drive" mobile application (the “app”). please read the following carefully to understand greenroad’s views and practices regarding your personal information and how greenroad will treat it.						this privacy and cookie policy (“privacy and cookie policy”) details how your personal information is used and processed by greenroad.
table of content
who we are
your acknowledgment of this policy (important, please read!)
which information may we collect about users?
how do we collect information about our users?
what are the purposes of the collection and processing of information?
sharing personal information with third parties
your rights
location of your data
minors
third party service providers
links to third party
cookies & similar methods
security
data retention
changes to the
have any questions?
1.	who we are
in this policy, references to greenroad, or to "we" or "us" are to: (i) greenroad driving technologies ltd., which is a registered company in the state of israel (no. 513524587) at 26 harokmim st., holon, israel; (ii) greenroad technologies uk ltd. which is a registered company in the uk (no. 5840761) at landmark office 2nd floor, 3 brindley place, birmingham b1 2jb, united kingdom; and (iii) greenroad inc. which is a registered company in the us (no.205312505) at 8900 shoal creek blvd suite 111, austin tx 78757.   individuals wishing to contact us about data protection issues may do so by writing to us at the above address or by emailing us at drivegreen@greenroad.com. 							our data protection officer is mr. nir yaffe, which may be contacted by sending an email to dpo@greenroad.com
2.	your acknowledgment of this policy (important, please read!)
please note:
the app is authorized by the company, enterprise, business or other organization you are affiliated with, work at, employed by, or member in (respectively: “user” or “you” and "the organization"). the app is intended for use solely by individuals that received authorizations from their organization to access the app. the information we collect and process about you is strictly related to your organization and to the services that we provide to such organization.
all information that greenroad shall collect from you and process, including as part of your use of the app, is owned and controlled by your organization, who is the "controller" of such information (as such term is defined under eu data protection law). please note that greenroad is acting as a third party data "processor" on behalf of your organization, and that it is your organization in its capacity as a "controller", which initiates the personal data collection, determines from whom to collect such data and defines how to use the collected data. we will process your information strictly on behalf of your organization and in accordance with our contractual agreements with it, its lawful instructions and/or as permitted by law.
for further queries, please review the privacy policies of your organization and the agreements associated with your engagement with the organization, as provided to you by your organization. if, in the context of using the app, you have reached out to your organization and are not getting a reply, you may approach greenroad, and we will make commercially reasonable effort to assist you.
please note that your organization is a third party beneficiary to this privacy and cookie policy, but may also have its own privacy policies, and that your organization will have the right to enforce the of this privacy and cookie policy as a third party beneficiary of this privacy and cookie policy.
by accessing and/or using the app, you acknowledge that you are or have had the opportunity to become aware of and agree (in jurisdiction where such consent is required) to this privacy and cookie policy and greenroad’s practices described therein, including to the collection, using, processing, disclosing, retaining or disposing of your personal information (as defined below). if you do not agree to any term provided herein, please contact your organization and cease any access or use of the app.
3.	which information may we collect about users?
we may collect from users of our app, two types of data and information:
3.1.	non-personal information. the first type is non-identifiable and anonymous information. to put it simply, we have no idea what is the identity of the user from which we have collected the non-personal information, unless it is cross-referenced with personal information. non-personal information, which is being gathered, consists of technical information and behavioral information that does not pertain to a specific individual. for example, technical information may include information such as the type and version of your device and its operating system, screen resolution, keyboard language, wi-fi connectivity, the type and name of your device, etc. behavioral information may include the user’s click-stream on the app, the activities of the user on the app and additional information of a similar nature.
3.2.	personal information. the other type of information we may collect is individually identifiable information. to put it simply, this information may identify an individual or is of a private and/or sensitive nature, such your location history (“personal information”). personal information includes:									3.2.1	personal information which is provided voluntary by drivers and admins:activating the app: during the app's activation process, you will be required to provide us with the username and password assigned to you by greenroad. 												communications with greenroad: information you provide in any communications with greenroad, including to customer services or customer support calls. we may records your customer support calls for quality assurance purposes and for improving our services. 												3.2.2	personal information which is provided voluntary by drivers:use of the app: during your use of the app, drivers may voluntarily provide us with certain general information relation to their journey. for example, where your organization has asked us to provide their drivers with such function, drivers may classify each of their journeys under certain categories, such as private or business journeys.
3.2.1	personal information which is provided voluntary by drivers and admins:activating the app: during the app's activation process, you will be required to provide us with the username and password assigned to you by greenroad. 												communications with greenroad: information you provide in any communications with greenroad, including to customer services or customer support calls. we may records your customer support calls for quality assurance purposes and for improving our services.
activating the app: during the app's activation process, you will be required to provide us with the username and password assigned to you by greenroad.
communications with greenroad: information you provide in any communications with greenroad, including to customer services or customer support calls. we may records your customer support calls for quality assurance purposes and for improving our services.
3.2.2	personal information which is provided voluntary by drivers:use of the app: during your use of the app, drivers may voluntarily provide us with certain general information relation to their journey. for example, where your organization has asked us to provide their drivers with such function, drivers may classify each of their journeys under certain categories, such as private or business journeys.
use of the app: during your use of the app, drivers may voluntarily provide us with certain general information relation to their journey. for example, where your organization has asked us to provide their drivers with such function, drivers may classify each of their journeys under certain categories, such as private or business journeys.
3.2.3 personal information collected through use of the app:													we collect technical and behavioral information through your use of the app, including:														technical and behavioral information: to the extent that the technical and behavioral information detailed under section 3.1 above will be linked to or associated with a specific individual then such information will be considered as personal information; andidentifiers: such as internet protocol (ip) address, cell mac, ad-id, imei, unique device identifier (udid), or other unique identifiers.
we collect technical and behavioral information through your use of the app, including:														technical and behavioral information: to the extent that the technical and behavioral information detailed under section 3.1 above will be linked to or associated with a specific individual then such information will be considered as personal information; andidentifiers: such as internet protocol (ip) address, cell mac, ad-id, imei, unique device identifier (udid), or other unique identifiers.
technical and behavioral information: to the extent that the technical and behavioral information detailed under section 3.1 above will be linked to or associated with a specific individual then such information will be considered as personal information; and
identifiers: such as internet protocol (ip) address, cell mac, ad-id, imei, unique device identifier (udid), or other unique identifiers.
3.2.4 personal information with respect to drivers collected via greenroad's technology: 												greenroad collects and processes certain information relating to the driver, as determined by the driver's organization, from the driver's vehicle, either via devices installed in such vehicle and/or via the driver's use of the app. this information may be presented to drivers and admins, in whole or in part, via the app (or other platforms provided by greenroad), and may include the following:																										safety level and driving behavior data: we access, collect, process, monitor and/or remotely store certain information from the driver's vehicle via greenroad's (or greenroad's partners') devices installed in the driver's vehicle or via the app. the scope and extent of such information is determined by your organization and may include one or more of the following: the driver's driving speed, detection of safety incidents, idling events, backing events, fuel consumption, vehicle health status, mobileye events, eco statistics and the distance, duration, start and end time of the driver's journey. 																											video: to the extent that a camera has been installed in the driver's vehicle as part of our services, we shall process video footage of safety events and we may also monitor the driver, by using an inside-facing camera installed in the driver's cabin. 													geolocation data: we will access, collect, process, monitor and/or remotely store "geolocation data", including gps coordinates and other similar information to determine the driver's location and historic journey information via devices installed in the driver's vehicle or via the app. 													information relating to the driver's identity: we access, collect, process, monitor and/or remotely store certain information relating to the identity of the driver, by collecting information stored on the driver's rfid or dallas key provided to him/her by his/her organization. 												please note that as the driver's organization will determine the exact information which will be collected and processed via the app and/or greenroad's (or greenroad's partners') devices installed in the driver's vehicle then if you wish to receive further information with respect to such data collection methods and practices, please refer to your organization.
greenroad collects and processes certain information relating to the driver, as determined by the driver's organization, from the driver's vehicle, either via devices installed in such vehicle and/or via the driver's use of the app. this information may be presented to drivers and admins, in whole or in part, via the app (or other platforms provided by greenroad), and may include the following:																										safety level and driving behavior data: we access, collect, process, monitor and/or remotely store certain information from the driver's vehicle via greenroad's (or greenroad's partners') devices installed in the driver's vehicle or via the app. the scope and extent of such information is determined by your organization and may include one or more of the following: the driver's driving speed, detection of safety incidents, idling events, backing events, fuel consumption, vehicle health status, mobileye events, eco statistics and the distance, duration, start and end time of the driver's journey. 																											video: to the extent that a camera has been installed in the driver's vehicle as part of our services, we shall process video footage of safety events and we may also monitor the driver, by using an inside-facing camera installed in the driver's cabin. 													geolocation data: we will access, collect, process, monitor and/or remotely store "geolocation data", including gps coordinates and other similar information to determine the driver's location and historic journey information via devices installed in the driver's vehicle or via the app. 													information relating to the driver's identity: we access, collect, process, monitor and/or remotely store certain information relating to the identity of the driver, by collecting information stored on the driver's rfid or dallas key provided to him/her by his/her organization.
safety level and driving behavior data: we access, collect, process, monitor and/or remotely store certain information from the driver's vehicle via greenroad's (or greenroad's partners') devices installed in the driver's vehicle or via the app. the scope and extent of such information is determined by your organization and may include one or more of the following: the driver's driving speed, detection of safety incidents, idling events, backing events, fuel consumption, vehicle health status, mobileye events, eco statistics and the distance, duration, start and end time of the driver's journey.
video: to the extent that a camera has been installed in the driver's vehicle as part of our services, we shall process video footage of safety events and we may also monitor the driver, by using an inside-facing camera installed in the driver's cabin.
geolocation data: we will access, collect, process, monitor and/or remotely store "geolocation data", including gps coordinates and other similar information to determine the driver's location and historic journey information via devices installed in the driver's vehicle or via the app.
information relating to the driver's identity: we access, collect, process, monitor and/or remotely store certain information relating to the identity of the driver, by collecting information stored on the driver's rfid or dallas key provided to him/her by his/her organization.
please note that as the driver's organization will determine the exact information which will be collected and processed via the app and/or greenroad's (or greenroad's partners') devices installed in the driver's vehicle then if you wish to receive further information with respect to such data collection methods and practices, please refer to your organization.
3.2.5	information provided by your organization:												greenroad may receive additional information about you from your organization, and the scope of such information provided to us is determined by such organization. such information includes your full name, and may include one or more of the following categories of personal data, as determined by the organization:													vehicle plate number;birth date; personal id as it appears in your organization's organizational and hr systems;driver's license number, date of issue and licensing authority abbreviation;your employment date with the organization;your phone number;your email address; andyour gender												please note that in the context of the services we provide to your organization, it may provide us with additional information, which might be processed by us but not presented to you via the app. in addition, please note that the scope, categories and types of information provided to us by your organization is determined exclusively by your organization and is subject to your organization's policies and your agreements with your organization.
greenroad may receive additional information about you from your organization, and the scope of such information provided to us is determined by such organization. such information includes your full name, and may include one or more of the following categories of personal data, as determined by the organization:													vehicle plate number;birth date; personal id as it appears in your organization's organizational and hr systems;driver's license number, date of issue and licensing authority abbreviation;your employment date with the organization;your phone number;your email address; andyour gender
vehicle plate number;
birth date;
personal id as it appears in your organization's organizational and hr systems;
driver's license number, date of issue and licensing authority abbreviation;
your employment date with the organization;
your phone number;
your email address; and
your gender
please note that in the context of the services we provide to your organization, it may provide us with additional information, which might be processed by us but not presented to you via the app. in addition, please note that the scope, categories and types of information provided to us by your organization is determined exclusively by your organization and is subject to your organization's policies and your agreements with your organization.
3.2.6	please note: note to drivers: we may collect the abovementioned information, as long as the app is installed on your mobile device and as long that the app recognizes that you are in transit (whether in the organization's vehicle or otherwise). we collect such information in this manner in order to achieve the purposes set forth in this privacy and cookie policy and as instructed by your organization. if you wish us to temporarily stop the collection of data, as detailed herein, you may do so by logging-out from the app or using the "off-duty" function available on the app. please note that your organization may be informed of your "off-duty" status. please note that you are requested to log-out from the app or use the "off-duty" function available on the app when you are in transit in vehicles that were not provided to you by the organization in order to avoid the collection of irrelevant data which may create false analysis regarding your driving in your organization's vehicle. we may cross-reference personal information with other personal information we have about you and any non-personal information connected or linked to or associated with any personal information shall be deemed as personal information as long as such connection, linkage or association exists. we use third-party tracking services and usage logs, to track and analyze data from users of the app and for purposes of security and fraud prevention (for more information please refer to section 10 below). we may also use cookies to gather information regarding your use of the app and the information for which you searched and accessed (for more information please refer to section 11 below).
note to drivers: we may collect the abovementioned information, as long as the app is installed on your mobile device and as long that the app recognizes that you are in transit (whether in the organization's vehicle or otherwise). we collect such information in this manner in order to achieve the purposes set forth in this privacy and cookie policy and as instructed by your organization. if you wish us to temporarily stop the collection of data, as detailed herein, you may do so by logging-out from the app or using the "off-duty" function available on the app. please note that your organization may be informed of your "off-duty" status. please note that you are requested to log-out from the app or use the "off-duty" function available on the app when you are in transit in vehicles that were not provided to you by the organization in order to avoid the collection of irrelevant data which may create false analysis regarding your driving in your organization's vehicle.
we may cross-reference personal information with other personal information we have about you and any non-personal information connected or linked to or associated with any personal information shall be deemed as personal information as long as such connection, linkage or association exists.
we use third-party tracking services and usage logs, to track and analyze data from users of the app and for purposes of security and fraud prevention (for more information please refer to section 10 below). we may also use cookies to gather information regarding your use of the app and the information for which you searched and accessed (for more information please refer to section 11 below).
4.	how do we collect information about our users?
there are four  main methods we use to collect information:
4.1.	we collect information through your entry, connection, access and/or use of the app. in other words, when you access or use the app we are aware of your usage of the app, and may gather, collect and record the information relating to such usage. for example, when you use the app, we will gather your location data and parameters relating to your driving behavior.
4.2.	we collect information which you provide us voluntarily. for example, we collect the classification of your vehicle journeys as your provide such information via the app. we will inform you prior to collecting your personal information if it is requested on a voluntary basis and the consequences of not providing voluntary personal information.
4.3.	we collect information through greenroad technology when drivers drive their vehicle, greenroad (and its partners') devices installed in such driver's vehicle or the app used by the driver, continually collect information regarding the status of the vehicle, driving behavior and security incidents and such information is transmitted to us.
4.4.	we collect information provided to us by your organization.  for example, your organization provides us with personal information, such as your full name, in order for us to provide your organization with our services.
5.	what are the purposes of the collection and processing of information? users?
5.1.	non-personal information is processed in order to:   									enhance the user’s experience on the app; create statistical information and learn about the preferences of users and general trends on the app (e.g. understand which features are more popular than others); and keep the app safe and secured and for prevention of fraud.
enhance the user’s experience on the app;
create statistical information and learn about the preferences of users and general trends on the app (e.g. understand which features are more popular than others); and
keep the app safe and secured and for prevention of fraud.
5.2.	personal information is processed in order to:   									register and administer your app account;verify the user's identity when he/she signs in to the app;carry our obligations arising from our agreement with your organization, in our capacity as your organization's service provider. please note that such obligations include full disclosure of any personal information collected and/or processed via the app to your organization; enable the operation of the app;personalize your experience on the app;ensure that content on the app are presented in an optimal way for you and for your device (e.g. tablet, mobile phone);send you by email, sms, phone or through the post updates, notices, announcements, and additional information related to greenroad including with respect to changes made to our app's terms of use and privacy policy; conduct internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes; keep the app safe and secured and for prevention of fraud and crime;maintain our data processing records; comply with our legal obligations and in order to be able to protect our rights and legitimate interests, including in order to handle insurance claims.
register and administer your app account;
verify the user's identity when he/she signs in to the app;
carry our obligations arising from our agreement with your organization, in our capacity as your organization's service provider. please note that such obligations include full disclosure of any personal information collected and/or processed via the app to your organization;
enable the operation of the app;
personalize your experience on the app;
ensure that content on the app are presented in an optimal way for you and for your device (e.g. tablet, mobile phone);
send you by email, sms, phone or through the post updates, notices, announcements, and additional information related to greenroad including with respect to changes made to our app's terms of use and privacy policy;
conduct internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes;
keep the app safe and secured and for prevention of fraud and crime;
maintain our data processing records;
comply with our legal obligations and in order to be able to protect our rights and legitimate interests, including in order to handle insurance claims.
note to our users in the eu:in order for greenroad to process your personal information, as detailed herein, such processing must be justified by a "basis" for processing, which has been determined exclusively by your organization. please note that the processing may be justified on the basis that:									the processing is based on your consent (i.e. where you provided your organization with consent to a specific type of data processing purpose);the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and your organization (e.g. the execution of an employment contract);the processing is necessary to enable your organization to comply with a legal obligation (e.g. disclosure of information to authorities); orthe processing is in your organization's legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights.
the processing is based on your consent (i.e. where you provided your organization with consent to a specific type of data processing purpose);
the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and your organization (e.g. the execution of an employment contract);
the processing is necessary to enable your organization to comply with a legal obligation (e.g. disclosure of information to authorities); or
the processing is in your organization's legitimate interests, subject to your interests and fundamental rights.
if you have any question or require any clarifications regarding the basis for processing your personal-information, please refer to your organization.
note to non-eu users: by entering, connecting to, accessing or using the app, you consent to the collection and processing of your personal information as specified herein.
6.	sharing personal information with third parties
6.1.	greenroad respects your privacy and will not disclose, share, rent, or sell your personal information to any third party, other than as permitted under this privacy and cookie policy.
6.2.	please note: all information that greenroad shall collect from you and process through your use of the app may be fully disclosed to your organization which is the owner, and where applicable considered as the "controller", of such information.
in addition, please note that you and your organization may view some or all information collected via the app (as determined by your organization) via our "greenroad central" mobile application and online platform. for more information regarding greenroad central, please refer to your organization.
6.3.	we may share your information in the following cases: 									group companies: the personal information you provide to us may be accessed by members of greenroad's group of companies in order to fulfill the purposes detailed herein.greenroad personnel: personal information that we collect and process may be transferred to or accessed by personnel of greenroad for the sole purpose of enabling the operation of the app and to carry our obligations arising from any agreement entered into between greenroad and your organization (as detailed in section 5 above). please note that all greenroad personnel that will have access to your personal information are under an obligation of strict confidentiality with respect to such personal information.  service providers: we may share personal information with vendors, commercial software providers, consultants and data processers who perform services on our behalf, including without limitation, companies that provide analysis, messaging services and services which host the app. for more information regarding our service providers, please refer to section 10 below. in addition, we may share personal information in the following cases: (a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request; (b) to enforce this privacy and cookie policy or any other agreement or terms of service between you and greenroad and to defend against any claims or demands asserted against us by you or on your behalf; (c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of greenroad, its users or the general public; and (e) when greenroad is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of greenroad (while such acquired company or investor may be located in countries outside of your jurisdiction).
group companies: the personal information you provide to us may be accessed by members of greenroad's group of companies in order to fulfill the purposes detailed herein.
greenroad personnel: personal information that we collect and process may be transferred to or accessed by personnel of greenroad for the sole purpose of enabling the operation of the app and to carry our obligations arising from any agreement entered into between greenroad and your organization (as detailed in section 5 above). please note that all greenroad personnel that will have access to your personal information are under an obligation of strict confidentiality with respect to such personal information.
service providers: we may share personal information with vendors, commercial software providers, consultants and data processers who perform services on our behalf, including without limitation, companies that provide analysis, messaging services and services which host the app. for more information regarding our service providers, please refer to section 10 below.
in addition, we may share personal information in the following cases: (a) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request; (b) to enforce this privacy and cookie policy or any other agreement or terms of service between you and greenroad and to defend against any claims or demands asserted against us by you or on your behalf; (c) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (d) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of greenroad, its users or the general public; and (e) when greenroad is undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of greenroad (while such acquired company or investor may be located in countries outside of your jurisdiction).
6.4.	for avoidance of doubt, greenroad may transfer and disclose non-personal information to third parties at its discretion, including without limitation for statistical, analytical and research purposes and for customization, developing and improvement of our app.
7.	your rights
greenroad acknowledges you have the right to access and change the personal information we collect and process. if you wish to access or to correct, amend, or delete personal information, please contact your organization.
note to our users in the eu: 								we hereby inform you of the following rights (by virtue of eu law) with respect to the processing of your personal information:
right to access: you may have the right to request a review of your personal information held by greenroad.
right to rectification: if the personal information processed by greenroad is incorrect, incomplete or not processed in compliance with applicable law or this privacy and cookie policy, you may have the right to have your personal information rectified.
right to erasure: under certain conditions, you may be entitled to require that greenroad will delete or "block" your personal information (e.g. if the continued processing of a specific data is not justified).
right to portability: you may have the right to transfer your personal information between data controllers (i.e. to transfer your personal information from your organization to another entity).
right to object to or withdraw consent: where the lawful basis for processing your personal information is either "public interest" or "legitimate interests", those lawful bases are not absolute, and you may have a right to object to such processing. if the processing of your personal information is based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw your consent to such processing at any time.
the right to restrict processing: under certain circumstances, you may have the right to object to the processing of your personal information due to your particular situation.
right to lodge a complaint: you have the right to lodge a complaint before the relevant data protection authority or supervisory authority of your jurisdiction.
to exercise these rights, where applicable, please contact your organization or, if applicable, use the appropriate functionality available on the app.
8.	location of your personal information
the information collected from you by greenroad, as detailed in this privacy and cookie policy, may be transferred to, and stored at, servers which may be located in countries outside of your jurisdiction and in a country that is not considered to offer an adequate level of protection under your local laws. it may also be processed by greenroad and its suppliers, service providers or partners' staff operating outside your country. 								greenroad is committed to protecting your personal information and will take appropriate steps to ensure that your personal information is processed and stored securely and in accordance with applicable privacy laws, as detailed in this privacy and cookie policy. such steps include putting in place data transfer agreements or ensuring our third-party service providers comply with greenroad's data transfer protection measures.
note to our users in the eu:  if you are located in the eu, you have a right to request further information regarding the data transfer mechanisms used by us with respect to data transfers to third countries.								in order to keep your personal information safe, we apply strict safeguards when transferring it outside of the eea, which may include the following:
transferring your personal information to countries approved by the european commission as having adequate data protection laws, such as israel;
entering into standard contracts that have been approved by the european commission and which provide an adequate level of high quality protection, with the recipients of your personal information;
transferring your personal information to organizing that are privacy shield scheme certified, as approved by the european commission.
by submitting your personal information through the app, you acknowledge, and agree to, in jurisdiction where such consent is required, such transfer, storing and/or processing of personal information.
9.	minors
the app are intended for users over the age of sixteen (16). therefore, greenroad does not intend and does not knowingly collect directly personal information from children under the age of sixteen (16) and does not wish to do so. we reserve the right to request proof of age at any stage so that we can verify that minors under the age of sixteen (16) are not using the app.
10.	third party service providers
10.1.	while using the app we may be using third party service providers, who may collect, store and/or process your information, as detailed in this privacy and cookie policy..
10.2.	note that we collect, hold and/or manage your personal information through greenroad's authorized third party vendors of certain products or services (such as hosting cloud services) (including, as applicable, their affiliates) solely and limited to providing us with such requested services, and not for any other purposes.
10.3.	such vendors may be located in a country that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction. for more information relating to the location of your personal information, please refer to section 8 above.
10.4.	such third parties service providers include without limitation, the following categories of service provides:										mobile app platforms. our third parties service providers include firebase and fabric, which privacy policy may be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy;app and platform performance measuring and monitoring.our third parties service providers include new relic, which privacy policy may be found at: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy; gand mixpanel, which privacy policy may be found at: https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/deep linking platform. our third parties service providers include branch, which privacy policy may be found at: https://branch.io/policies/#privacyhosting. our third parties service providers include aws, which privacy policy may be found at: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/;											mobile operating systems. our third parties service providers include android, which privacy policy may be found at:  https://policies.google.com/privacy; and apple, which privacy policy may be found at:   https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/; and											communications. our third parties service providers include twilio, which privacy policy may be found at: https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy; sendgrid, which privacy policy may be found at: https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/; and batch which privacy policy may be found at: https://batch.com/privacy-policy. 											customer relationship management (crm) platforms. our third parties service providers include salesforce, which privacy policy may be found at: https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/. and kibahan, which privacy policy may be found at: https://www.elastic.co/legal/privacy-statement.											maps. our third parties service providers include google maps, which privacy policy may be found at: https://policies.google.com/privacy. 																					please read such third party service providers' terms of use and privacy policies to understand their privacy practices.
mobile app platforms. our third parties service providers include firebase and fabric, which privacy policy may be found at https://policies.google.com/privacy;
app and platform performance measuring and monitoring.our third parties service providers include new relic, which privacy policy may be found at: https://newrelic.com/termsandconditions/privacy; gand mixpanel, which privacy policy may be found at: https://mixpanel.com/legal/privacy-policy/
deep linking platform. our third parties service providers include branch, which privacy policy may be found at: https://branch.io/policies/#privacy
hosting. our third parties service providers include aws, which privacy policy may be found at: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/;
mobile operating systems. our third parties service providers include android, which privacy policy may be found at:  https://policies.google.com/privacy; and apple, which privacy policy may be found at:   https://www.apple.com/legal/privacy/en-ww/; and
communications. our third parties service providers include twilio, which privacy policy may be found at: https://www.twilio.com/legal/privacy; sendgrid, which privacy policy may be found at: https://sendgrid.com/policies/privacy/; and batch which privacy policy may be found at: https://batch.com/privacy-policy.
customer relationship management (crm) platforms. our third parties service providers include salesforce, which privacy policy may be found at: https://www.salesforce.com/company/privacy/. and kibahan, which privacy policy may be found at: https://www.elastic.co/legal/privacy-statement.
maps. our third parties service providers include google maps, which privacy policy may be found at: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
11.	links to third party websites
certain links provided therein permit our users to leave the app and enter non-greenroad websites or services. greenroad is not responsible or liable for such linked websites and services' privacy practices and/or any other practices. most of such linked websites and services provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policy, governing the use thereof. it is always advisable and we encourage you to read such documents carefully before using those websites and services, inter alia, in order to know what kind of information about you is being collected.
12.	cookies & similar methods
12.1.	what are cookies? cookies are small text files which are stored on, and accessed from, your computer or mobile device when you use the app. we use cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear gifs, flash cookies, device identifiers and other similar tools (collectively,  "cookies") on our app and communications to recognize your device from those of other users of the app, to improve the app's performance, to deliver a better and more personalized service according to the user's individual interests and the device used, to track users' use of the app, to prevent fraud and/or abuse, to estimate our audience size and usage pattern and perform other analytics and to develop our app.  											in this privacy and cookie policy, reference to "cookies" includes cookies and all other files that collect information in a similar manner. please note that most cookies do not collect information that identifies you, and will instead collect more general information such as how users arrive at and use our site, or a user’s general location.
12.2.	how long will cookies stay on my device? most of the cookies we use are erased from your device immediately after your app session terminates ("session cookies"). other cookies remain saved on your device and enable us to recognize your device in the event of a later visit to our app ("persistent cookies"). persistent cookies allow us to make our app more user-friendly, effective and safe. please note that the data collected through cookies will not be kept for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes mentioned above.
12.3.	first and third party cookies - first-party cookies are cookies that belong to us and that we place on your device. third-party cookies are cookies that another party, which provides us a service, places on your device through your use of our app. for example, to administer our app and for research purposes, we have contracted third-party service providers to track and analyze statistical usage and volume information from our site users.
12.4.	what sort of cookies does our website use?  generally, our cookies perform the following functions:											essential cookies – those cookies are essential to navigate around the app and use its features. for example, they allow us to remember your cookie preferences and to verify if something isn't working properly, so we can fix it quickly.analytical and performance cookies – those cookies are used to analyze how our users use our app and to monitor the app's performance. for example, we might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are frequently visited and from what locations our users come from. we might also use these cookies to highlight site services that we think will be of interest to you based on your usage of the site. we generally use third party cookies to perform these services, for example, mixpanel. functionality cookies - those cookies allow us to operate the app in accordance with your preferences when browsing the app. for example, such cookies save you the trouble of typing in a username every time you access the app, and recall your customization preferences, such as your preferred text size, fonts, languages and other parts of the site that are alterable.
essential cookies – those cookies are essential to navigate around the app and use its features. for example, they allow us to remember your cookie preferences and to verify if something isn't working properly, so we can fix it quickly.
analytical and performance cookies – those cookies are used to analyze how our users use our app and to monitor the app's performance. for example, we might use performance cookies to keep track of which pages are frequently visited and from what locations our users come from. we might also use these cookies to highlight site services that we think will be of interest to you based on your usage of the site. we generally use third party cookies to perform these services, for example, mixpanel.
functionality cookies - those cookies allow us to operate the app in accordance with your preferences when browsing the app. for example, such cookies save you the trouble of typing in a username every time you access the app, and recall your customization preferences, such as your preferred text size, fonts, languages and other parts of the site that are alterable.
12.5.	can an app user block cookies? you may set your mobile device to refuse all or some cookies. if you disable or refuse cookies, please note that some parts of our app may not function properly, or may no longer be accessible. 											please note that greenroad uses mixpanel as a service provider in order to track users' activities on the app and platform, including by use mixpanels' persistent cookies. you may opt-out of mixpanel's tracking by following the instructions on the following link: https://mixpanel.com/optout/
13. security
13.1.	we take appropriate measures to maintain the security and integrity of our app and prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof through generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures.
13.2.	your personal information is hosted on aws servers which provide advanced strict security standards (both physical and logical).some of the security measures that we employ include, without limitation: highly secure services design and implementation using state of the art encryption and architectures mechanisms, restriction of access to your personal information to individuals who need access to it in order to process it on greenroad’s behalf and implementation of a secured permission management and auditing system using specific and proprietary firewall and network access filtering as well as security group mechanisms. please note, however, that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never occur.
13.3.	greenroad will comply with applicable law in the event of any breach of the security, confidentiality, or integrity of your personal information and will inform you of such breach if required by applicable law.
13.4.	to the extent that greenroad implemented the required security measures under applicable law, greenroad shall not be responsible or liable for unauthorized access, hacking, or other security intrusions or failure to store or the theft, deletion, corruption, destruction, damage, or loss of any data or information included in the personal information.
14.	data retention
greenroad will retain the personal information that your organization has instructed us to process for it for as long as needed to provide greenroad's services to your organization, and in accordance with the contractual terms stipulated between greenroad and your organization. your organization can at any time instruct us to delete such personal information. 									in addition, greenroad will retain personal information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and in accordance with greenroad's agreements with your organization, all subject to applicable privacy laws.
15.	changes to the privacy and cookie policy
greenroad reserves the right to change this privacy and cookie policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently to check for any changes. in case of any material change, we will make reasonable efforts to post a clear notice on the app or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the e-mail address that you may have provided us with. such material changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on our app or sent to you via e-mail, whichever is the earlier. otherwise, all other changes to this privacy and cookie policy are effective as of the stated “last revised” and your continued use of the app on or after the last revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. in the event that the terms should be amended to comply with any legal requirements, the amendments may take effect immediately, or as required by the law and without any prior notice.
16.	have any questions?
if you have any questions (or comments) concerning this privacy and cookie policy, please send us an email to the following address: dpo@greenroad.com and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe.
