solutionsenergy managementelectric vehicle chargingpackages
energy management
electric vehicle charging
packages
platformhvac health and testingdemand responseenergy manager on the go
hvac health and testing
demand response
energy manager on the go
future of energy
aboutsustainabilitymanagementboard of directorsmediaawardspress releasescareers
sustainability
management
board of directors
media
awards
press releases
careers
resourcescase studieswhitepapersblogsupport
case studies
whitepapers
blog
support
contact
login
privacy policy – your privacy rights
this privacy policy describes the information we collect about you through our website, and any subdomains of the website, www.gridpoint.com where the privacy policy is located (collectively, the “site”). the privacy policy also describes the services available on our site (such as the gridpoint help center, account access, blogs and forums, among others, and collectively, our “services”), and how we use and disclose that information. by accessing or using gridpoint.com or the services, you agree that your personal information will be used as disclosed in this privacy policy.
your use of our site or services, and any dispute over privacy, is subject to this privacy policy and our terms of use, including applicable limitations on damages and the resolution of disputes. the gridpoint terms of use are incorporated by reference into this privacy policy.
the personal information we collect about youinformation we collect directly. we collect information from you when you join the gridpoint help center, post to a blog or forum, request information from us, access your account, or otherwise interact with our site and use our services. certain areas of our site (e.g., the gridpoint help center) may require registration. to register, we collect your name, email address, company name, job title, and phone number (optional). all accounts must be approved by gridpoint and we reserve the right to reject any registration in our sole discretion. when you interact with our site and services, we also will collect information that you choose to provide such as photos and comments.
information we collect automatically. we may use cookies, pixels, web beacons, and other technologies to automatically collect information about your visit for statistical purposes, including: domain name and your internet protocol address (ip address), the date and time you access our site, and the information you view while visiting our site, your browser type and operating system, web pages you view and links you click within the site, and the length of time you use our site and services. we might look at what site you came from, or what site you visit when you leave us. we may also collect information about how you interact with an advertisement or content on our site. this information is used to measure the use of our site, to improve its content including advertisements, and to diagnose and correct technical problems. please see the section below entitled “our use of cookies and other tracking technologies” for additional information.
information we collect form third parties.  we may receive personal information about you from other sources. for example, this may include receiving personal information from our business partners, including online advertising networks, analytics vendors, social media sites, job posting sites, and third parties that promote our products via their own platforms. we may also combine personal information that we receive offline or from third parties with information we collect through the site.
how we use the information we collect about you
we use your information predominantly to operate and maintain the gridpoint help center, our blogs, and our site. we also may use your information as follows:
to provide our services to you, to communicate with you about your use of our services, to respond to your inquiries, and for other customer service purposes.
for marketing and promotional purposes. for example, we may use your information, such as your email address, to send you news and newsletters, or to otherwise contact you about our services.
to better understand how users access and use our site and services, both on an aggregated and individualized basis, in order to improve our site and services and respond to user desires and preferences, and for other research and analytical purposes.
for security purposes. this could include protecting our company and consumers who use our services. it may also include protecting our site or investigating a potential fraud.
as you request or direct.
when we disclose your personal information
we may disclose your personal information to the following persons/entities:
other users.the gridpoint help center is an open forum for our customers, and certain information that you post to the site will be available for viewing by all other registered users. certain portions of our site, such as our public blogs, will also be available to the general public. in your account profile, you may choose what information you would like to make available to other visitors to our site (which may include customers and non-customers); at a minimum, each post that you make must be accompanied by a user name (of your choice). the gridpoint help center is available to the general public.
affiliates. we may disclose the information we collect about you to our affiliates or subsidiaries; however, if we do so, their use and disclosure of your personal information will be subject to this privacy policy.
service providers. we may disclose the information we collect from you to third party vendors, service providers, contractors or agents who perform functions on our behalf.
authorized resellers. we may disclose the information we collect from you to our authorized resellers when such information relates to the authorized reseller’s customers.
with third parties for marketing purposes. this may include the delivery of interest-based advertising.
as requested or directed by you. this may include instances where you ask us to share your personal information with a third party.
for other reasons. we may disclose the information we collect about you for other reasons that we may describe to you at the time of collection.
we also may disclose your personal information in the following circumstances:
business transfers. if we are acquired by or merged with another company, if substantially all of our assets are transferred to another company, or as part of a bankruptcy proceeding, we may transfer the information we have collected from you to the other company.
in response to legal process and to protect us and others. we may disclose your information to comply with the law, a judicial proceeding, court order, or other legal process, such as in response to a subpoena. we also may disclose your information when we believe it is necessary to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud, potential threats to the safety of any person, violations of our terms of use or this privacy policy, or as evidence in litigation.
aggregate and de-identified information. we may share aggregate or de-identified information about users with third parties for marketing, advertising, research or similar purposes.
our use of cookies and other tracking technologies
for information about our use of cookies, pixels, and other tracking technologies, and to read our “do not track” policy, please review our about our ads policy.
california privacy notice
the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) requires us to make specific disclosures about how we collect, use and share the personal information of california residents who are subject to ccpa. ccpa also grants such california residents certain rights related to their personal information. this section describes our personal information practices offline and online, and contains these required disclosures and instructions for california residents who wish to exercise their rights under ccpa.
please note that, to the extent permitted under ccpa, this section does not apply to the personal information of california residents that we collect:
from our workforce members for employment-related purposes
in the course of certain business-to-business transactions
we are required under the ccpa to tell you which categories of “personal information” we collect, and which of these categories we disclose for “business purposes” or for “sale” purposes as these terms are defined under the ccpa.
in the past 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information from california residents: identifiers; categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of section 1798.80, including first name, last name, email address, business phone (optional) business name, originating ip address when using gridpoint energy management (gem) services (web or mobile) or corporate website,  internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences drawn from the categories in this paragraph.  we may disclose any of the above categories of personal information for “business purposes” as this term is defined in ccpa.
in the past 12 months, we may have engaged in the “sale” (as this term is defined in the ccpa) of the following categories of “personal information” from california residents to third parties: identifiers, categories of personal information described in subdivision (e) of section 1798.80, originating ip address, internet or other electronic network activity information; and inferences drawn from the categories in this paragraph.
we may collect personal information as described in the “personal information we collect about you” section of this privacy policy
we may use personal information we collect for “business purposes” and “commercial purposes” as these terms are defined in ccpa. these purposes are as described in the “how we use the information we collect about you” section of this privacy policy.
we may share personal information we collect with third parties as described in the “when we disclose your personal information” section of this privacy policy.
california resident rights under ccpa. subject to certain exclusions included in the ccpa, and as relevant to our operations, california residents have the rights listed below. we may take steps to verify your identity, as permitted or required under the ccpa, before we process your request. verification may include asking you to provide information about yourself that we can match against information already in our possession.
notice. this means that you can request that we disclose the categories of personal information we have collected about you; the categories of sources from which such personal information is collected; the categories of personal information we have “sold” or disclosed for a business purpose; the categories of third parties to whom the personal information was “sold” or disclosed for a business purpose; and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you in the last 12 months.
deletion. this means that you can request that we delete personal information about you which we have collected from you.
opt-out. ccpa provides a right to opt-out of the “sale” of personal information. if you would like to opt out of allowing us to “sell” your personal information, contact us via the information below or click the “do not sell my personal information” button in the website footer. if you would like to limit the use of cookies and other tracking tools on the site, please review the instructions in our about ads policy or use the cookie consent management tool on our site.
equal prices and services. this means that we are prohibited from discriminating against you if you exercise your rights under ccpa.
agents that you have authorized to act on your behalf may also submit ccpa requests as instructed below. the agent must also provide evidence that they have your written permission to submit a request on your behalf. if we are unable to verify the authenticity of a request, we may ask you for more information or may deny the request.
california residents who wish to exercise their rights under this section can contact us at privacy@gridpoint.com please include your name and email address and indicate you are a california resident making a “ccpa” request.
additional information about your california rights. if you reside in california, you have the right to ask us one time each year if we have shared personal information with third parties for their direct marketing purposes. to make a request, please send us an email at privacy@gridpoint.com. indicate in your email that you are a california resident making a “california shine the light” inquiry.
how we protect your information
we maintain reasonable administrative, technical and physical safeguards to protect against unauthorized disclosure, use, alteration or destruction of the personal information you provide on our site. please be aware that despite our best efforts, no data security measures can guarantee 100% security.
user generated content
certain forums/blogs are reserved for our customers and select registered users. other blogs are available for the general public. any information that you post to our site, including pictures, comments, and other information will become public, and gridpoint cannot prevent such information from being used in a manner that may violate this privacy policy, the law, or your personal privacy.
third party links
gridpoint may reference or provide links to third party websites. we provide links that we think will be of interest or benefit to our customers and others who visit our site. while we strive to provide links to sites that share our respect for our customers, we are not responsible for their content or their privacy practices. we encourage you to read the privacy statements of each and every web site you visit, and we encourage you to consult with you own advisor(s) before relying on any advice or information obtained on or through our site or those web sites of third parties. any access to and use of such linked websites is not governed by this privacy policy, but instead is governed by the privacy policies of those third party websites.
children under 13
our site and services are not designed for children under 13. if we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our systems. if you are a parent or legal guardian and think your child under 13 has provided us with information, please contact us at privacy@gridpoint.com. please mark your inquiries “coppa information request.” parents, you can learn more about how to protect children’s privacy on-line here.
changes to this privacy policywe reserve the right, at any time, to modify, alter, or update this privacy policy, and any such modifications, alterations, or updates will be effective upon posting. your continued use of the site after the new privacy policy has been posted will signify your acceptance of the modified privacy policy. if we make any changes to this privacy policy that materially affect our practices with regard to the personal information we have previously collected from you, we will endeavor to provide you with notice in advance of such change by highlighting the change on our site and notifying registered users by the email address on record.
notice of transfer, use, and storage of your information
our servers are based in the united states. if you provide information to us through our site and our services, we will store and process that information in the united states and may use a cloud solution hosted by a third party service provider. as a result, your data may be subject to access by law enforcement and other government entities, including courts and tribunals in accordance with laws applicable in those jurisdictions.
questions and commentsif you have questions about this privacy policy, or if you believe that we are not following the policy as it is set forth here, you may contact us by emailing us at privacy@gridpoint.com.
effective date:  february 19, 2015       last updated: april 29, 2022

privacy policyterms & conditions
© 2022 gridpoint. all rights reserved
helpful links
energy management
about gridpoint
careers
partners
contact us
connect with us
