our websites use cookies to optimize your experience. to learn more about our use of cookies,            click here.
shopgumstixraspberry pitoradexnvidiacomponentslegacydesign
gumstix
raspberry pi
toradex
nvidia
components
legacy
design
supportordering & supportsales and requests for quotessoftware & hardware supportlegacy support centerorderingsales and rfqwarranty coverage and returnsshippingdocumentationupverter ordersonline ordersvolume salesterms and conditionssoftwarehardwareovero seriesduovero seriesverdex propepperwaysmall silverlodesupport faqbring up wifi on a yocto imageovero gpiocompile codewrite images to flashadd software packagesgetting startedgetting started: 2. get an image3. create bootable microsd card4. boot your systemvideostutorialssupport services
ordering & support
sales and requests for quotes
software & hardware support
legacy support centerorderingsales and rfqwarranty coverage and returnsshippingdocumentationupverter ordersonline ordersvolume salesterms and conditionssoftwarehardwareovero seriesduovero seriesverdex propepperwaysmall silverlodesupport faqbring up wifi on a yocto imageovero gpiocompile codewrite images to flashadd software packagesgetting startedgetting started: 2. get an image3. create bootable microsd card4. boot your systemvideostutorialssupport services
orderingsales and rfqwarranty coverage and returnsshippingdocumentationupverter ordersonline ordersvolume salesterms and conditions
sales and rfqwarranty coverage and returnsshippingdocumentation
warranty coverage and returns
shipping
documentation
upverter orders
online orders
volume sales
terms and conditions
software
hardwareovero seriesduovero seriesverdex propepperwaysmall silverlode
overo series
duovero series
verdex pro
pepper
waysmall silverlode
support faqbring up wifi on a yocto imageovero gpiocompile codewrite images to flashadd software packages
bring up wifi on a yocto image
overo gpio
compile code
write images to flash
add software packages
getting startedgetting started: 2. get an image3. create bootable microsd card4. boot your system
getting started: 2. get an image
3. create bootable microsd card
4. boot your system
videos
tutorials
support services
communitybloggumstix success storiescustomer success:  beonic technologiescustomer success:  argon designcustomer success:  roadnarrows roboticscustomer success:  motion workshopprojectsscholar center
blog
gumstix success storiescustomer success:  beonic technologiescustomer success:  argon designcustomer success:  roadnarrows roboticscustomer success:  motion workshop
customer success:  beonic technologies
customer success:  argon design
customer success:  roadnarrows robotics
customer success:  motion workshop
projects
scholar center
about usdrones & roboticsembedded systemsedge computingiot hardwaremodular designpress and mediagumstix logoscareers
drones & robotics
embedded systems
edge computing
iot hardware
modular design
press and mediagumstix logos
gumstix logos
careers
home » about gumstix, inc. » privacy policy
privacy policy
gumstix privacy policy
this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'personally identifiable information' (pii) is being used online. pii, as described in us privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context.
moreover, the processing of personal information shall always be in line with the general data protection regulation (gdpr), and in accordance with the country-specific data protection regulations applicable to gumstix, inc.
please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website, store, and application.
personal information
collection and use of your personal information
the following types of personal information may be collected, stored, and used:
when you visit our website (www.gumstix.com), store (www.store.gumstix.com), and geppetto (www.geppetto.gumstix.com), we collect and store information about your computer including your ip address, geographical location, browser type and version, and operating system. this is to improve our website, store, and geppetto to serve you better.
when you visit our website, store, and geppetto, we collect and store information about your visits to and use of this website including the referral source, length of visit, page views, and website navigation paths as well as information that is generated while using our website, including when, how often, and under what circumstances you use it. this is to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offering in which you are most interested in.
when you create an account in geppetto, we collect and store your name and email address. this is so we can keep track of your saved designs.
when you use our made-to-order service geppetto, you are providing us with information related to a potential hardware design ("design"). by default, your design is private, and we will not share your design with any third party except as required to build the design. however, you can also choose to share your design with specific third parties that you select or the entire gumstix community. please be careful not to share any design that you wish to keep private, as gumstix has no control over any third parties with whom you share a design.
when you create an account with us, we collect the following “account information”:name / company name - this is so we know who we are selling our products to.phone number - this is to ensure that we are able to deliver your products and give you a call if there is an issue.email address - this is to notify you of order status, send statements invoices and payment reminders related to your order.shipping address - this is to deliver your purchase to the right address. we pass along this information to ups to verify the accuracy and validity of the address.billing address - this is for our payment gateway to compare your credit card billing address and avoid fraud when stolen credit card occurs.
name / company name - this is so we know who we are selling our products to.
phone number - this is to ensure that we are able to deliver your products and give you a call if there is an issue.
email address - this is to notify you of order status, send statements invoices and payment reminders related to your order.
shipping address - this is to deliver your purchase to the right address. we pass along this information to ups to verify the accuracy and validity of the address.
billing address - this is for our payment gateway to compare your credit card billing address and avoid fraud when stolen credit card occurs.
when we ship an order for you, we share the above “account information” with the delivery company (i.e. ups) to ensure an accurate, legal, address, and to allow them to contact you directly with any questions or issues about the delivery.
if you indicate that the order will be paid with a credit card, our web page collects the following information.credit card payer name, number, expiration date, and security code - we pass this information to our payment gateway (authorize.net) with the address, so they can authorize the credit card for payment.  we store only the cardholder name, address, last 4 digits, and authorization number from the payment gateway.  the data we store is re-submitted to the payment gateway to complete the charge only when we ship the order.
credit card payer name, number, expiration date, and security code - we pass this information to our payment gateway (authorize.net) with the address, so they can authorize the credit card for payment.  we store only the cardholder name, address, last 4 digits, and authorization number from the payment gateway.  the data we store is re-submitted to the payment gateway to complete the charge only when we ship the order.
when you send us an email, we collect and store your email address and name. this is to allow us to better service you when answering any questions or concerns you have.
when you sign up in our mailing list, we collect and store your email address and name. this is to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature and to send periodic emails (such as newsletter) about our other products and services. you can unsubscribe to this anytime.
if you are a purchasing officer or buying on behalf of a third party, before you disclose to us the personal information of another person, you must obtain that person’s consent to both the disclosure and the processing of that personal information in accordance with this policy.
we will not, without your consent, supply your personal information to any third party for their or any other third party’s direct marketing. customers using gumstix products based on texas instruments omap products should note that the following clause that we include in our volume order agreement:
"by making this purchase, you accept that gumstix may provide information to texas instruments that includes your name, company name, address and the quantities of the omap-based products included in this order."
when do we collect information?
we collect information from you when you visit our site, store, or application, register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, fill out a form, send us an email, or enter information on our site, and provide us with feedback on our products or services.
protecting your personal information
we will take reasonable technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse, or alteration of your personal information. we do not use vulnerability scanning and/or scanning to pci standards. an external pci compliant payment gateway handles all cc transactions. we do not use malware scanning.
your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems, and are required to keep the information confidential. in addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology. we will store all the personal information you provide on our secure (password- and firewall-protected) servers. all electronic financial transactions entered into through our website will be protected by encryption technology.
we implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
all transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
you acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and we cannot guarantee the security of data sent over the internet.
you are responsible for keeping the password you use for accessing our website confidential; we will not ask you for your password (except when you log in to our website).
disclosing your personal information
we may disclose your personal information to any of our employees, officers, insurers, professional advisers, agents, suppliers, or subcontractors as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group of companies (this means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and all its subsidiaries) as reasonably necessary for the purposes set out in this policy.
we may disclose your personal information:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
in connection with any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings;
in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk);
to the purchaser (or prospective purchaser) of any business or asset that we are (or are contemplating) selling; and
to any person who we reasonably believe may apply to a court or other competent authority for disclosure of that personal information where, in our reasonable opinion, such court or authority would be reasonably likely to order disclosure of that personal information.
except as provided in this policy, we will not provide your personal information to third parties.
retaining personal information
this sets out our data retention policies and procedure, which are designed to help ensure that we comply with our legal obligations regarding the retention and deletion of personal information.
personal information that we process for any purpose or purposes shall be kept for as long as they are necessary for that purpose or those purposes.
we will retain documents (including electronic documents) containing personal data:
to the extent that we are required to do so by law;
if we believe that the documents may be relevant to any ongoing or prospective legal proceedings; and
in order to establish, exercise, or defend our legal rights (including providing information to others for the purposes of fraud prevention and reducing credit risk).
updating information
please let us know if the personal information that we hold about you needs to be corrected or updated by sending an email to support@gumstix.com
your rights
you may instruct us to provide you with any personal information we hold about you by sending an email to support@gumstix.com.
we may withhold personal information that you request to the extent permitted by law.
you may instruct us at any time not to process your personal information for marketing purposes.
in practice, you will usually either expressly agree in advance to our use of your personal information for marketing purposes, or we will provide you with an opportunity to opt out of the use of your personal information for marketing purposes.
international data transfer
information that we collect may be stored, processed in, and transferred between any of the countries in which we operate in order to enable us to use the information in accordance with this policy.
information that we collect may be transferred to the following countries which do not have data protection laws equivalent to those in force in the european economic area: the united states of america, russia, japan, china, and india.
personal information that you publish on our website or submit for publication on our website may be available, via the internet, around the world. we cannot prevent the use or misuse of such information by others.
you expressly agree to the transfers of personal information described in this section.
do we use 'cookies'?
yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer's hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site's or service provider's systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
why we use cookies?
we use cookies to:
help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
understand and save user's preferences for future visits.
keep track of advertisements.
compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interactions in order to offer better site experiences and tools in the future. we may also use trusted third-party services that track this information on our behalf.
you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser settings. since each browser is a little different, look at your browser's help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
if you turn cookies off it will turn off some of the features of the site.
third-party disclosure
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. this does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release information when it's release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others' rights, property or safety.
however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
third-party links
we do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website. however, our website includes hyperlinks to, and details of, third party websites. we have no control over, and are not responsible for, the privacy policies and practices of third parties.
california online privacy protection act
caloppa is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. the law's reach stretches well beyond california to require any person or company in the united states (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from california consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. - see more at: http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0fdrbt51.dpuf
according to caloppa, we agree to the following:users can visit our site anonymously.
once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
our privacy policy link includes the word 'privacy' and can easily be found on the page specified above.
you will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
on our privacy policy page
can change your personal information:
by emailing us
by logging in to your account
how does our site handle do not track signals?
we honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a do not track (dnt) browser mechanism is in place.
does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
it's also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
coppa (children online privacy protection act)
when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the children's online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control. the federal trade commission, united states' consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children's privacy and safety online.
we do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
fair information practices
the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
in order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
we will notify you via email within 7 business days.
we will notify the users via in-site notification within 7 business days.
we also agree to the individual redress principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
can spam act
the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
we collect your email address in order to:
send information, respond to inquiries, and/or other requests or questions
process orders and to send information and updates pertaining to orders.
send you additional information related to your product and/or service.
market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
to be in accordance with canspam, we agree to the following:
not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance, if one is used.
honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at support@gumstix.com and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
amendments
we may update this policy from time to time by publishing a new version on our website. you should check this page occasionally to ensure you understand any changes to this policy.
contacting us
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
www.gumstix.com3130 alpine road, #288-606portola valley, california 94028united states of americasupport@gumstix.com650-503-3022
last edited on 2018-05-28
related pages
about gumstix, inc.
about gumstix, inc.
10 minute tensorflow set up for jetson nano series
privacy policy
employment opportunities
environmental policy
press and media
gumstix
home
about us
support
trademarks
terms and conditions
privacy policy
altium
connect
send us an e-mail
sales: sales@gumstix.com                 support: support@gumstix.com                 media: media@gumstix.com
call us
+1 (800) 780-9112                 +1 (778) 654 7502                 9 am to 5 pm pacific                 monday to friday
get social
join our mailing list
copyright 2004 - 2022 gumstix, inc. - all rights reserved.
