650-903-3800menuskip to contenthomecompanyhalo at a glancehistorylocationscode of ethicsproductslanethernetdiscrete transformers10g2.5g and 5ggigabitpoe and poe+10/100base-tx10base-t10base2 & 10base5cmc filtersfastjacks10g fastjacks2.5g and 5g fastjacksgigabit fastjacks10/100base-t fastjacks10base-t fastjackspoe & poe+ fastjackscommon mode choke fastjackstoken ring magneticsfibre channel transformerstelecomt1/e1/cept/isdn-pri isolation modulest3/e3/ds3/sts-1e4/sts-1/oc-3 modules56, 64, 72kbps digital line interface magneticsisdn isolationcommon mode rejection chokestele-pro™ seriesautomotive ethernetdc/dc transformersdc/dc poe and poe+ transformerslow power magneticsinductorsdigital audio transformersrf transformersconnectorsapplicationsautomotive communicationmost® isolation transformersautomotive ethernetresourcessoldering recommendationstape and reel specificationsproduct storage specsfastjack led configurationpcn/eol notificationsregulatory compliancelead free statementlead free statement updaterohs compliance statementconflict free statementnon-disclosure agreementparametric product searchhalo part number cross referenceethernet phy selector guidedistributor stock checkpresscontactlocations
menu
home
companyhalo at a glancehistorylocationscode of ethics
halo at a glance
history
locations
code of ethics
productslanethernetdiscrete transformers10g2.5g and 5ggigabitpoe and poe+10/100base-tx10base-t10base2 & 10base5cmc filtersfastjacks10g fastjacks2.5g and 5g fastjacksgigabit fastjacks10/100base-t fastjacks10base-t fastjackspoe & poe+ fastjackscommon mode choke fastjackstoken ring magneticsfibre channel transformerstelecomt1/e1/cept/isdn-pri isolation modulest3/e3/ds3/sts-1e4/sts-1/oc-3 modules56, 64, 72kbps digital line interface magneticsisdn isolationcommon mode rejection chokestele-pro™ seriesautomotive ethernetdc/dc transformersdc/dc poe and poe+ transformerslow power magneticsinductorsdigital audio transformersrf transformersconnectors
lanethernetdiscrete transformers10g2.5g and 5ggigabitpoe and poe+10/100base-tx10base-t10base2 & 10base5cmc filtersfastjacks10g fastjacks2.5g and 5g fastjacksgigabit fastjacks10/100base-t fastjacks10base-t fastjackspoe & poe+ fastjackscommon mode choke fastjackstoken ring magneticsfibre channel transformers
ethernetdiscrete transformers10g2.5g and 5ggigabitpoe and poe+10/100base-tx10base-t10base2 & 10base5cmc filtersfastjacks10g fastjacks2.5g and 5g fastjacksgigabit fastjacks10/100base-t fastjacks10base-t fastjackspoe & poe+ fastjackscommon mode choke fastjacks
discrete transformers10g2.5g and 5ggigabitpoe and poe+10/100base-tx10base-t10base2 & 10base5cmc filters
10g
2.5g and 5g
gigabit
poe and poe+
10/100base-tx
10base-t
10base2 & 10base5
cmc filters
fastjacks10g fastjacks2.5g and 5g fastjacksgigabit fastjacks10/100base-t fastjacks10base-t fastjackspoe & poe+ fastjackscommon mode choke fastjacks
10g fastjacks
2.5g and 5g fastjacks
gigabit fastjacks
10/100base-t fastjacks
10base-t fastjacks
poe & poe+ fastjacks
common mode choke fastjacks
token ring magnetics
fibre channel transformers
telecomt1/e1/cept/isdn-pri isolation modulest3/e3/ds3/sts-1e4/sts-1/oc-3 modules56, 64, 72kbps digital line interface magneticsisdn isolationcommon mode rejection chokestele-pro™ series
t1/e1/cept/isdn-pri isolation modules
t3/e3/ds3/sts-1
e4/sts-1/oc-3 modules
56, 64, 72kbps digital line interface magnetics
isdn isolation
common mode rejection chokes
tele-pro™ series
automotive ethernet
dc/dc transformersdc/dc poe and poe+ transformerslow power magnetics
dc/dc poe and poe+ transformers
low power magnetics
inductors
digital audio transformers
rf transformers
connectors
applicationsautomotive communicationmost® isolation transformersautomotive ethernet
automotive communicationmost® isolation transformersautomotive ethernet
most® isolation transformers
automotive ethernet
resourcessoldering recommendationstape and reel specificationsproduct storage specsfastjack led configurationpcn/eol notificationsregulatory compliancelead free statementlead free statement updaterohs compliance statementconflict free statementnon-disclosure agreementparametric product searchhalo part number cross referenceethernet phy selector guidedistributor stock check
soldering recommendations
tape and reel specifications
product storage specs
fastjack led configuration
pcn/eol notifications
regulatory compliancelead free statementlead free statement updaterohs compliance statementconflict free statement
lead free statement
lead free statement update
rohs compliance statement
conflict free statement
non-disclosure agreement
parametric product search
halo part number cross reference
ethernet phy selector guide
distributor stock check
press
contactlocations
locations
privacy policy
what information does halo electronics collect?
we collect two types of information: personal information and non-personal information. “personal information” refers to information that is particular to you, such as, your name, company name, title, address, phone number, fax number, and e-mail address. “non-personal information” refers to information that does not by itself identify a specific individual. this information may include the web site´s uniform resource locator (url) that you just came from, what browser you are using and your internet protocol (ip) address. we will retain personal data we process on behalf of our customers as long as needed to provide our services.
how do we collect information from you?
we do not collect personal information on this site without your knowledge and active participation. in general, you can visit our site without divulging any personal information; however, there are areas of this site that require personal information in order to contact halo electronics directly, specifically, when submitting a contact form, as well as when asking application questions and registering for e-mails for halo electronics press releases and news. upon your request to opt-in to our marketing e-mails, we may use your information to deliver targeted advertisements that we believe will be of most interest to you.
information is collected on this site in the following ways:
browsing our sitewe collect ip addresses for the purposes of system administration, to gather broad demographic information, and to monitor the level of activity on our site. we collect information from visitors to our site regarding the referring url, your ip address, which browser you used to come to our site, and the pages of our site that you viewed during your visit and any search terms entered on our site.
contact formsif you request samples or quotes or make a request for literature from the web site or ask us a question via e-mail, we will ask for additional personal information to process your query. this information is used for tracking purposes and to fill customer´s needs. if we have trouble answering your questions or requests, this information is used to get back in touch with you.
e-mailas noted above, on this web site, you are given the opportunity to send e-mail to us. we retain information in any e-mail that you send to us, such as your name, company name, e-mail address, address, telephone number, etc. if you opt in, we may send you press releases and other e-mails periodically, listing current products or answering questions. we will not send you e-mails if you have previously requested us not to do so and/or have not registered to receive them.
minor’s and children’s privacy
protecting the privacy of children is especially important. our service is not directed to children under the age of 18, and we do not knowingly collect personal data from children under the age of 18. if we learn that personal data has been collected from persons under 18 years of age and without verifiable parental consent, then we will take the appropriate steps to delete this information. if you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child under 18 years of age has provided personal information to our site, then you may alert us at dataprivacy@haloelectronics.com and request that we delete that child’s personal data from our systems.
what is the legal basis for processing data?
if you consent to use the e-mail sign up form, you provide information such as name, company name, title, email, address, telephone number, and other relevant data. this information can be processed in order to respond to your request.
we may also process data on the basis of contractual and transactional obligation where necessary. we may process your data to perform obligations under a contract with you and or your company, billing communications, and email communications for sales and marketing activities, and to contact you on your legitimate interests.
how is your personal information used?
halo electronics uses the personal information it collects to provide you with information or samples that you have requested. in addition, we use the non-personal information we collect to provide you with a better site experience in the future. halo electronics does not rent, sell or trade personal information you provide us to any third party.
who is collecting your information?
while you are on the halo electronics web site, halo electronics will collect non-personal and upon your consent, personal information. in addition, we may provide links in this web site to third party web sites. we are not responsible for the third-party web sites. we urge you to review carefully the privacy policies posted on those sites. we cannot guarantee the accuracy of the information found on those sites. please be aware that halo electronics does not control, nor are we responsible for, the privacy policies of third parties or their web sites. this privacy statement applies only to halo electronics and the information we collect on our site. we use google analytics, google adwords (conversion tracking), netcomponents, and our lead contact form which is hosted by our 3rd party crm system, nehanet. you can click on the links to view the third-party sites individual privacy policy.
with whom do we share your information?
as described above, some of your information may be shared with third parties by navigating to the third-party web site. in addition, and with your prior authorization, we may, in the future, need to share certain personal information with other affiliated companies with whom we have established business relationships. we may disclose personal information in special cases when we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to identify, contact or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interference with (either intentionally or unintentionally) our rights or property or the rights or property of our customers or others. we also may disclose user information when we believe in good faith that the law requires it.
how does halo electronics protect your personal information?
halo electronics takes reasonable precautions to protect your personal information against unauthorized access by storing the information on a secure server, which is accessible only by authorized personnel.
unfortunately, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure and we will not be held liable should a third party illegally obtain your personal information. while we have made significant efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of any information you transmit to us, and you do so at your own risk.
how to access, correct, delete your information?
we respect your privacy rights and will make available the personal data that you may have provided through your use of the site. if you wish to access or amend any other personal data we hold about you, or to request that we delete or transfer any information about you that we have obtained, you may contact us as set forth in the “how to contact us” section below.
opting out from marketing communications
if you have opted-in to receive marketing e-mails from us, you may unsubscribe at any time by following the instructions contained within the e-mail or contact us as noted in our “how to contact us” section.
what about cookies?
cookies are small pieces of information that are stored by your browser on your computer hard drive. our cookies do not contain any personally identifying information, but they do enable us to provide you with certain personalized features and customization the next time you visit our site. your web browser may allow you to be notified when you are receiving a cookie, giving you the choice to accept it or not. while you can still navigate through our site if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to register for e-mails and information from halo electronics. we may utilize third-party cookies to collect information about your use of the site. we do not share with these third parties any information that would readily identify you (such as email address); however, these third parties may have access to information about your device (such as ip or mac address). for more information about our use of cookies and how you can control the use of cookies, please see our cookie policy.
how do you provide consent?
by using our web site, you consent to the collection and use of your non-personal and upon consent, your personal information by halo in the manner described above.
how to contact us?
please contact us with any questions or comments about this policy, your personal data, our use and disclosure practices, or your consent choices by email at dataprivacy@haloelectronics.comor by mail at:halo electronics, inc.attn: data privacy manager2880 lakeside dr., suite 116santa clara, ca 95054usa
how often are changes made to the privacy statement and how will you learn of the changes?
halo electronics reserves the right to change, modify or update this privacy statement at any time without notice. in the event of any modification, we will post the changes in this privacy statement so that you will always know what information we are gathering and how we might use that information. however; if such changes are material, we will either announce the change on the home page of the site or take such other action as we deem appropriate under the circumstances. accordingly, you should periodically visit this page to determine the current privacy statement to which you are bound.
solutions that keep you connected
halo electronics, inc.2933 bunker hill lane, suite 200santa clara, ca 95054phone: 650-903-3800 • fax: 650-903-9300e-mail: info@haloelectronics.com
© copyright 2000-2022 halo electronics - all rights reserved. web site design: aesthetic design & photography
