companyabout usmission & valuesleadershipboard of directorsrecognitionmilestonesexperience harmanharman develops solutions to enable seamless, connected lifestyles for the home, car, stage and enterprise through its leading audio products, infotainment systems, software and connected services.experience harmanharman develops solutions to enable seamless, connected lifestyles for the home, car, stage and enterprise through its leading audio products, infotainment systems, software and connected services.innovation and performance driven by world-class talentharman is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our businessa powerful combinationas a wholly-owned subsidiary of samsung, harman has retained its leadership team and has established a strong board of directors with representation from samsung.driven to excelfrom multiple grammy awards to accolades for engineering excellence,harman people and technologies are consistently recognized for outstanding performancesinventors, disruptors and rock starsharman is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our business.
about usmission & valuesleadershipboard of directorsrecognitionmilestonesexperience harmanharman develops solutions to enable seamless, connected lifestyles for the home, car, stage and enterprise through its leading audio products, infotainment systems, software and connected services.experience harmanharman develops solutions to enable seamless, connected lifestyles for the home, car, stage and enterprise through its leading audio products, infotainment systems, software and connected services.innovation and performance driven by world-class talentharman is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our businessa powerful combinationas a wholly-owned subsidiary of samsung, harman has retained its leadership team and has established a strong board of directors with representation from samsung.driven to excelfrom multiple grammy awards to accolades for engineering excellence,harman people and technologies are consistently recognized for outstanding performancesinventors, disruptors and rock starsharman is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our business.
experience harman
harman develops solutions to enable seamless, connected lifestyles for the home, car, stage and enterprise through its leading audio products, infotainment systems, software and connected services.
experience harman
harman develops solutions to enable seamless, connected lifestyles for the home, car, stage and enterprise through its leading audio products, infotainment systems, software and connected services.
innovation and performance driven by world-class talent
harman is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our business
a powerful combination
as a wholly-owned subsidiary of samsung, harman has retained its leadership team and has established a strong board of directors with representation from samsung.
driven to excel
from multiple grammy awards to accolades for engineering excellence,harman people and technologies are consistently recognized for outstanding performances
inventors, disruptors and rock stars
harman is proud of its legacy of achievement and innovation in every facet of our business.
solutionsautomotivelifestyleconsumerprofessionaldigital transformation solutions (strategic business unit)innovation. integration. industry experienceharman’s market-proven navigation and infotainment solutions for the world’s car makers make your daily commute entertaining, informative, and productive with a paramount concern for safety and security.unparallel audio experiences wherever you arewhether at home, on the go, or in your car, harman’s iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment.unparalleled audio experiences wherever you arewhether at home, on the go, or in your car, harman’s iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment.from rock concerts to the boardroomharman engineers and manufactures audio, video and lighting products for some of the most recognizable names in live performance, audio recording, large venue, cinema, retail, corporate, education, government, hospitality and more.digital transformation solutions (strategic business unit)professional services solutions across design, mobility, cloud and analytics that enable a connected world.
automotivelifestyleconsumerprofessionaldigital transformation solutions (strategic business unit)innovation. integration. industry experienceharman’s market-proven navigation and infotainment solutions for the world’s car makers make your daily commute entertaining, informative, and productive with a paramount concern for safety and security.unparallel audio experiences wherever you arewhether at home, on the go, or in your car, harman’s iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment.unparalleled audio experiences wherever you arewhether at home, on the go, or in your car, harman’s iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment.from rock concerts to the boardroomharman engineers and manufactures audio, video and lighting products for some of the most recognizable names in live performance, audio recording, large venue, cinema, retail, corporate, education, government, hospitality and more.digital transformation solutions (strategic business unit)professional services solutions across design, mobility, cloud and analytics that enable a connected world.
innovation. integration. industry experience
harman’s market-proven navigation and infotainment solutions for the world’s car makers make your daily commute entertaining, informative, and productive with a paramount concern for safety and security.
unparallel audio experiences wherever you are
whether at home, on the go, or in your car, harman’s iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment.
unparalleled audio experiences wherever you are
whether at home, on the go, or in your car, harman’s iconic audio products and breakthrough technologies set the standard for pure audio enjoyment.
from rock concerts to the boardroom
harman engineers and manufactures audio, video and lighting products for some of the most recognizable names in live performance, audio recording, large venue, cinema, retail, corporate, education, government, hospitality and more.
digital transformation solutions (strategic business unit)
professional services solutions across design, mobility, cloud and analytics that enable a connected world.
responsibilityharman inspiredsustainabilitysupply chaininspiring young people through music, technology and serviceharman inspired is harman's global cause initiative empowering the next generation to realize their possibilities through the power of music, technology and service.responsible and environmentally sound business practicesharman is committed to ensuring that we, our customers and our communities endure and thrive for years to come.ethical business practices through our operationswe seek strategic partners that share our values ‐ those who exemplify integrity, innovation and excellence
harman inspiredsustainabilitysupply chaininspiring young people through music, technology and serviceharman inspired is harman's global cause initiative empowering the next generation to realize their possibilities through the power of music, technology and service.responsible and environmentally sound business practicesharman is committed to ensuring that we, our customers and our communities endure and thrive for years to come.ethical business practices through our operationswe seek strategic partners that share our values ‐ those who exemplify integrity, innovation and excellence
inspiring young people through music, technology and service
harman inspired is harman's global cause initiative empowering the next generation to realize their possibilities through the power of music, technology and service.
responsible and environmentally sound business practices
harman is committed to ensuring that we, our customers and our communities endure and thrive for years to come.
ethical business practices through our operations
we seek strategic partners that share our values ‐ those who exemplify integrity, innovation and excellence
innovation
newsblogspress releasesevent media kitblogsharman stories and insights about our company, technologies, people, and markets.press releasescorporate, product, and news-worthy announcements.events media kitcompilation of insights for our major events and initiatives.
blogspress releasesevent media kitblogsharman stories and insights about our company, technologies, people, and markets.press releasescorporate, product, and news-worthy announcements.events media kitcompilation of insights for our major events and initiatives.
blogs
harman stories and insights about our company, technologies, people, and markets.
press releases
corporate, product, and news-worthy announcements.
events media kit
compilation of insights for our major events and initiatives.
careers
shop
contact
privacy policy statement
we want you to understand what data we collect and use.
introduction
harman privacy policy
harman 隐私政策 - 中文（简体）
harmanプライバシーポリシー-日本語（日本）
política de privacidade harman - português (brasil)
terms of use
cookies statement
data inquiry / privacy requests
unsolicited idea / product policy
report a vulnerability
​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​​harman international privacy statement
last updated: april 5, 2022​
harman inte​rnational (“harman" or “the company") values your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal information.  this privacy statement explains how we process, store, share, and protect the personal information that you provide when you use our products and solutions, our website (the “site"), or otherwise interact with the company.  for the purposes of this privacy statement, “personal information" means information that relates to you as an individually identifiable person, such as your name, e-mail address, and mobile number.
alternative formats of this privacy statement are available to individuals with a disability. please contact privacy@harman.com for assistance.
this privacy statement addresses the following topics:
personal information we collect
personal information we collect from you
personal information we collect through technology on our site
personal information we receive from third parties
purposes for which we use & collect your personal information
when we share your personal information
how we protect your personal information
region-specific information
all locations outside of the united states
european economic area, the united kingdom and switzerland
brazil
california
changes to this privacy statement​​
​personal information we collect
personal information we collect from you
harman may collect personal information fro​​​m you when you use this site, use our products or automotive solutions, register your harman product, or directly interact with the company at a trade show or conference, or when you contact the company (collectively referred to in this privacy statement as the “services").  the personal information we may collect is dependent on the services you use. the categories of personal information that we collect may include the following:
contact information & identifiers: including your name; address; email address; telephone number; unique online identifier, internet protocol address (“ip address"); account name; and date of birth.
login information: including the username and password you use to access features on harman's website and other services.
payment information: including your payment method; bank account number, debit card number, credit card number, cvv / cid, expiration date; billing address.
location information:  including geolocation information collected when you use certain services.
product & service usage information:  including product name, serial number, place of purchase, product usage information, color, and version; product reviews and warranty information.
purchase history information: including the names of the products purchased, the place(s) of purchase, and the price paid for the product(s).
internet or other electronic network activity information: including pages visited on harman's websites and links clicked; ip address; location information; language preference and interactions with ads.
biometric information: including voice recordings, from which an identifier template, such as a voiceprint which can be extracted, sleep and health data that contain identifying information, and fingerprint data.
sensory information: including audio, visual, thermal or similar information that can be linked or associated with a particular consumer or household.
other information you provide: including personal information that relates to your use of our services, such as the date / time you used our services, the length of time for which you used our services, or the reason for which you used our services.
personal information we collect through technology on our site
we collect information through techn​​ology to enhance our ability to serve you. when you access and use the site, harman and, in some cases, our third-party service providers collect information about how you interact with the site.  please see the link below for more information:       cookie policy​
personal information we receive from third parties
depending on the services you use, harman may also collect information about you from a third party, including:
service providers: including our website payment processor, companies that we work with to service our products, and the organizers of our conferences and trade show events.
vendors: including companies that sell our products.
original equipment manufacturers (“oems"): including companies that use our products within their vehicles.  ​
purposes for which we co​llect & use your personal information
harman may use your personal information for the ​following purposes:​
providing our services
improving our services
communicating with you
verifying your identity
registering users for harman promotions and events
responding to technical support questions and concerns
contacting users for marketing, advertising, and sales purposes
responding to questions and feedback
conducting market research and analysis
conducting internal research for technological development
continuously evaluating and improving the online user experience
network and information security
fraud prevention
to permit access to our facilities
reporting suspected criminal acts
compliance with the law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of harman, our users, or others
when we share yo​ur personal information​
we do not sell or rent your personal information to third parties.  the following are some of the ways we share your personal information:
third-party service providers: we will share your personal information with third-party service providers under contract with harman to help us provide services to you.  the following are some examples of the types of third-party service providers with which we share your personal information and our purpose for doing so:
data analytics: we retain third-party service providers to help us perform data analytics regarding your interactions with the site. for example, google analytics may track what pages users visit on the site and how long they stay there to determine how users use the site.
legal advice: we may disclose your personal information to an attorney in the process of obtaining legal advice.
third-party processors: we use third-party order and payment processors when you purchase products from our site or contact our local service providers in certain countries.  we also use third-party service providers to organize harman conferences and trade shows.
advertising platforms: we may disclose the fact that you visited the site to advertising networks so that they can show you harman advertisements on other websites and platforms.  these services can help us tailor advertising that we think may be of interest to you based on your use of the site and to otherwise collect and use data about your use of the site.
​​we require these third-party service providers, by writ​ten agreement, to provide safeguards for your personal information similar to the ones that we provide.
required disclosures: we may be required to share personal information in a court proceeding, in response to a court order, subpoena, civil discovery request, other legal process, or as otherwise required by law.
legal compliance and protections: we may disclose your personal information when we believe disclosure is necessary to comply with the law or to protect the rights, property, or safety of harman, our users, or others. this includes exchanging personal information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection and credit risk reduction.
corporate transactions: we reserve the right to disclose and transfer your personal information:
in connection with a corporate merger, consolidation, bankruptcy, the sale of substantially all of our membership interests and/or assets or other corporate change, including to any prospective purchasers.
to a subsequent owner, co-owner, or operator of the site or successor database.​
how we protect your​ personal information
the security and confid​​entiality of your personal information is important to us.  we have technical, administrative, and physical security measures in place to protect your personal information from unauthorized access or disclosure and improper use.
for example, we use tran​​sport security layer (tsl) encryption to protect the data collection forms on our site. in addition, we restrict access to your personal information. only employees who need the personal information to perform a specific job (for example, a customer service representative) are granted access to personal information. employees with access to personal information are kept up-to-date on our security and privacy practices.
it is important for you to pro​​tect against unauthorized access to your password and to your computer. be sure to close your browser after you have completed your visit to the site. please note that despite our reasonable efforts, no security measure is ever perfect or impenetrable, so we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.​
region-specific inf​ormation
all locations outside of the united states
the personal information that harm​​an collects through this site is downloaded to a server maintained by harman in the united states.  harman is located at 400 atlantic street, 15th floor, stamford, ct 06901 in the united states.
because harman is a global company w​ith locations all over the world, the location in which harman stores the personal information that the company collects from you outside of this site—for example, when you contact us or directly interact with harman at a trade show or conference—will depend on your country of residence.  for more information please contact       privacy@harman.com.​
cross-border data transfers: in order to provide our services, your personal information may need to be accessed by our entities across the world, including in the united states.  before transferring your personal information to any of our entities across the world, harman will ensure all required transfer mechanisms are in place to ensure an adequate level of protection for the transfer of your personal information.
legal bases for processing: harman processes your personal information with your consent and as required by law.  where applicable, harman processes your personal information as necessary for the performance of any contracts with you; for example, when processing your orders and payments, or providing you with our services, and to take steps, at your request, before entering into a contract with you.  harman also processes personal information as necessary for its legitimate interests as follows:
marketing and advertising: unless you opt out as described below, we use your personal information regarding products and services you have ordered, or in which you have otherwise demonstrated an interest, as necessary to provide you information about the products and services that we think might interest you in accordance with applicable law.
network and information security, fraud prevention, and reporting suspected criminal acts: in the event of fraud, a security incident, or a suspected criminal act, we would examine personal information that appeared to be linked to the incident as necessary to determine what happened, remediate, report to the authorities, and prevent a recurrence.
automated decision making: harman sometimes uses personal information submitted through the site for automated decision-making. for example, harman may display advertisements and send emails to you containing content automatically chosen based on the products you have ordered from us in the past. however, harman will not use personal information submitted through the site or obtained through our other services for automated decision-making, including profiling, which produces legal effects or similarly significantly affects the data subject.
retention: harman will retain your personal information for the time period needed to accomplish the purpose for which harman collected your personal information, and for as long thereafter as is permitted or required by applicable law.  for additional information about the retention of your personal information, please contact privacy@harman.com.
unsubscribing from emails: in addition, you may cancel or modify the email communications you have chosen to receive from harman by following the instructions contained in emails from us.  alternatively, you may email harman at unsubscribe@harman.com with your request, stating 'unsubscribe' in the header and what email addresses you wish not to receive harman emails. within a reasonable period, we shall ensure that such email addresses are unsubscribed.
european economic area, the united kingdom and switzerland
the information in this section, as well as the information in the section above titled “all locations outside of the united states," applies to users in the european economic area, the uk, and switzerland (referred to as the “eea").
cross-border data transfers: the european commission has not issued a determination that the united states ensures an adequate level of protection for personal information.  as a result, harman has implemented standard contractual clauses to govern the cross-border transfer of personal information from the eea.
individual rights: eea individuals have the right to access their personal information collected by harman and to request that harman update, correct, or delete their personal information as provided by applicable law.  eea individuals also have the right to object to, or restrict, harman's processing of their personal information.  in addition, eea individuals have the right to data portability concerning their personal information.
eea individuals can exercise these rights by contacting          privacy@harman.com.  harman will respond to such requests in accordance with applicable data protection law.  if eea individuals believe that their personal information has been processed in violation of applicable data protection law, they have the right to lodge a complaint with the relevant data protection authority in the country where they reside, where they work, or where the alleged violation occurred.  eea individuals also have the right to object to the processing of their personal information for purposes of harman's direct marketing or legitimate interests by contacting harman at          privacy@harman.com.
eea individuals may withdraw their consent for the processing of their personal information, where harman requires their consent as a legal basis for processing their personal information, at any time by contacting          privacy@harman.com.  any withdrawal will apply only prospectively, and harman will continue to retain the personal information that eea individuals provided before they withdrew their consent for as long as allowed or required by applicable law.
data protection officer: harman's data protection officer in germany is the senior manager, health and safety and can be reached at privacy@harman.com.
brazil
the information in this section, as well as the information in the section above titled “all locations outside of the united states," applies to residents of brazil.  personal information collected from residents of brazil outside of this site is stored by harman in brazil, at rodovia governador leonel de moura brizola, nº 3401, nova santa rita- rs/brasil 92480-000.
individual rights: residents of brazil have the following rights with respect to the processing of personal information:
the right to request confirmation of the processing of your personal information;
the right to request access to your personal information;
the right to request the correction and/or update of your personal information;
the right to request the anonymization, blocking or elimination of your personal information that is unnecessary, excessive or processed in violation of the law;
the right to request the transfer of your personal information from one service provider to another;
the right to request the deletion of your personal information previously processed with your consent;
the right to request an identification of the public and private entities to which the company disclosed your personal information or with which the company used a shared database containing your personal information; and
the right to object to the processing of your personal information.​
residents of brazil can exercise their privacy rights by contacting          brazilprivacy@harman.com.  harman will respond to such requests in accordance with applicable data protection law.
residents of brazil may use the contact information above, at any time, to withdraw their consent for the processing of their personal information where harman requires their consent as a legal basis for processing their personal information.  any withdrawal will apply only prospectively, and harman will continue to retain the personal information that residents of brazil provided before they withdrew their consent for as long as allowed or required by applicable law.
data protection officer / “person in charge": harman's data protection officer in brazil, or “person in charge" of overseeing the processing of personal information, is the company's it coordinator, who can be reached at brazilprivacy@harman.com.
california
this section of the privacy statement only applies to consumers who are residents of the state of california in the united states (“california consumers") and it applies to all personal information of california consumers collected or disclosed for a business purposes by harman.
information we collect & our business purpose for collection: in the last 12 months, harman used the categories of personal information listed here that we collected from the following sources:
directly from california consumers
from the technology providers detailed above
from the third-party service providers detailed above
harman collected the personal information of california consumers for the business and commercial purposes listed       here​.
disclosure of personal information we collect: in the last 12 months, harman disclosed the following categories of personal information about california consumers to the following categories of third parties for a business or commercial purpose:
service providers, including providers of data analytics services, website providers, and e-commerce vendors
government agencies, law enforcement, and other parties as required by law, including in litigation
service providers, including providers of data analytics services, and website providers
government agencies, law enforcement, and other parties as required by law, including in litigation
service providers, including e-commerce vendor
service providers, including voice-to-text vendors
service providers, including providers of data analytics services, and website provider
government agencies, law enforcement, and other parties as required by law, including in litigation​
no sale of personal in​​formation: harman does n​ot and will not sell personal information.​
your califor​nia p​​rivacy rights:
right to knowcalifornia consumers have the right to submit a verifiable request to know:
the categories and specific pieces of personal information that harman has collected about them;
the categories of sources from which harman collected the personal information;
the categories of personal information that harman sold or disclosed to a third party (other than a service provider) for a business purpose and the categories of recipients of that information; and
the business or commercial purposes for harman's collection, disclosure, or sale of the personal information. ​
right to delete ​california consumers have the right to submit a verifiable request for deletion of their personal information that harman has collected from the consumer.
making requests to know or for deletion harman will respond to requests in accordance with applicable law if we can verify the identity of the individual submitting the request. california consumers or their authorized agents can exercise their rights in the following ways:
complete an online privacy request form h​ere
send email to privacy@harman.com
contact 1 (877) 871-6755
how we will verify your request​when you submit a request to know or a request to delete we apply the following process to verify your identity:
​step 1: verification email: harman will send an email to the email address that you provided to register for our services. please read through this email and complete the verification criteria and once complete send a reply email back to harman. the required criteria is described below:
read through the email that you receive from harman. in the email we will ask you to reply with at least two pieces of information to verify your identity, dependent on the nature of your request and the sensitivity of the information that is the subject of your request.
reply to the email and provide us with at least two (and in some cases three) pieces of information, harman will match the information you provide to the information that the company already maintains about you. harman will only use the information that you provide for the purpose of verifying your identity.
confirm our summary of the actions that you want us to take (e.g., “delete my personal information").
send the reply to the email back to the original sender (normally privacy@harman.com) with the above answers to verify that you own the email address.
step 2: after receiving the information above and confirming your identity, we take action to fulfill the request.  in the unlikely situation that you submit a request to know or a request to delete and harman does not have your email address, we will perform the steps listed above via phone.  if we cannot verify your identity to a sufficient level of certainty to respond to your request, we will let you know promptly and explain why we cannot verify your identity.
harman's non-discrimination policy ​california consumers have the right not to be subject to discriminatory treatment by harman for exercising their privacy rights under the california consumer privacy act, and harman will not discriminate on that basis. however, harman may charge a california consumer a different price or rate or provide a different level or quality of goods or services if the difference is reasonably related to the value provided to the california consumer by the consumer's personal information. if harman does so, it will provide consumers with any legally required notice.
cali​fornia residents who use the site may request that we provide certain information regarding our disclosure of your personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. you can make such a request by e-mail to       privacy@harman.com.
questions california consumers who have questions about anyt​​hing in this privacy statement can contact harman at       privacy@harman.com or 1 (877) 871-6755.
changes to this privacy state​ment
if we change this privacy statement, we will post tho​​se changes on this page and update the privacy statement update date above. if we materially change this privacy statement in a way that affects how we use or disclose your personal information, we will provide a prominent notice of such changes and the effective date of the changes before making them.
careers
contact
sitemap
news
