go deepermenu toggleshopbooksnewsletterspeakingmy unsung hero
shop
books
newsletter
speaking
my unsung hero
aboutmenu togglemissioncontactfaqstaffsupport us
mission
contact
faq
staff
support us
go deepermenu toggleshopbooksnewsletterspeakingmy unsung hero
shop
books
newsletter
speaking
my unsung hero
aboutmenu togglemissioncontactfaqstaffsupport us
mission
contact
faq
staff
support us
privacy policy
respecting the privacy of our listeners and users is a core part of our mission. by visiting this website and consuming the content provided here, you consent to the terms of the updated privacy policy.
plain language policy
when you visit this site, we place a cookie on your browser. we only collect aggregate data about the number of people who visit the site and which pages they visit. if you wish to become completely anonymous to us, clear your cookies. that’s it.
if you send us an email or a letter (with a story idea, for example) we will have your email address and any other information you share with us. if you don’t wish to share information with us, don’t send it. if you are a child under the age of 18, please check with your parents/guardians before getting in touch.
as a small, independent media company, we need to work with a variety of third party platforms and services. sxm media sells advertising on our shows, and helps distribute our podcasts. companies that track podcast analytics such as apple, google play, podtrac, triton and chartable collect information on how many people download our episodes and other information. npr and some 400 public radio stations distribute our content over the radio and various websites and social media. google ad sense places ads on our site. substack provides a platform for our newsletter. we use facebook, twitter and other social media to promote our stories. our fans can become our supporters on patreon. if you listen to an episode of hidden brain on this site, our podcast distribution partner collects data about that to generate analytics about our listenership. if you click on an ad, google ad sense knows about that. if you share your credit card with patreon, they will store it. social media sites, substack and public radio stations all collect a variety of information about your browsing and listening habits. to be perfectly honest, as content creators, we don’t know all the information about you that our third party providers are collecting, and you should reach out to them if you’d like to learn more.
detailed policy
(our lawyers told us to say this)
children
if you are under 13, please do not provide us with any contact or other information, including your name, address or email address. if you are between the ages of 13 and 18, you must obtain permission from your parent or guardian before sending any contact or other information to hidden brain.
what personal data we collect and why we collect it
we and our service providers collect a variety of contact and other information about you when you provide that information to us, including your name, email address, postal address, telephone number, password, age, payment card information, country of residence, communications and content preferences. we may collect such information when you:
listen to our podcast. see the stitcher privacy policy.
email, text or otherwise share a story from this website, including our podcast, newsletter, or other content that we create.
contact us with a message.
post, upload, or otherwise submit a comment, story idea, essay, photo, or other content to hidden brain.
register for a hidden brain tour or event or any contest we sponsor.
apply for a job, internship or fellowship at hidden brain. in that case, we may collect and retain for our records your job application information, resume, job interview notes, candidate evaluation records, information regarding prior job experience, educational history, positions held, names of prior supervisors, and your salary expectations. in the event that we extend an offer of employment, we may also conduct a background check through a third-party service.
if you choose to participate in a survey, we may ask you to provide your date of birth, gender, education level, information about your employment, income level and other information.
make a donation to hidden brain or submit a related inquiry.
otherwise volunteer information to us or respond to a request for information.
if you do not consent to the collection, use or sharing of this type of information in the manner described in the privacy policy, please do not provide us with such information. by providing such information, you are “opting in” to the collection, use and sharing of this information in accordance with the privacy policy.
cookies
when you visit our site, we place a temporary cookie on your browser. clearing your cookies prevents us from accessing the data stored on that cookie.
if you fill out a form on our site you may opt-in to saving your name, email address and other information in cookies. these are for your convenience so that you do not have to fill in your details again when you return. these cookies will be ignored after they expire, generally a year or less after the time when they were set, and may be replaced with a new cookie.
embedded content from other websites
articles on this site may include embedded content (e.g. videos, images, articles, etc.). embedded content from other websites behaves in the exact same way as if the visitor has visited the other website.
these websites may collect data about you, use cookies, embed additional third-party tracking, and monitor your interaction with that embedded content, including tracking your interaction with the embedded content if you have an account and are logged in to that website.
analytics & third party vendors
we, our service providers, and our vendors may use the information collected from you (whether provided by you directly or automatically collected through technology) to:
manage, administer, promote, analyze and improve our services.
respond to your questions or messages and fulfill your orders or requests for services.
customize the content you see and hear on our services.
customize the sponsorship credits you see and hear on our services and on third-party services you may use or visit.
recognize you as the same user as you access our services, content and sponsorship credits using different computers, devices and browsers, and to deliver our services, content and sponsorship credits to you on different computers, devices and browsers.
send you email newsletters and marketing, fundraising, membership and other communications from hidden brain.
publish, broadcast or otherwise use stories or information you submit to us.
how long we retain your data
our cookies are generally deleted after one year. if you would like to become anonymous to us right away, please delete your cookies.
if you leave a comment, the comment and its metadata are retained indefinitely.
our third party service providers collect and store information according to their privacy policies.
what rights you have over your data
as we said in the plain language policy, the one thing we control at hidden brain media is the cookie we place on your browser when you visit this site. if you don’t want that cookie stored on your browser, please delete your cookies. we can tell you the same thing in an email if you’d like to email us at [email protected]
copyright © hidden brain media | privacy policy
site designed by demian perry
