searchsearch
location
community                                community
get support                                get support
partner                                partner
solutions  modernize the digital core  infrastructure modernization application infrastructuredata protectioncloud storage for applicationshybrid cloud infrastructureinfrastructure as a service data modernization cloud data managementdata lakes and data warehousesdata integrationai-driven solutions midrange storage solutions  application modernization application reliability centerscloud modernizationapplication engineeringerp modernization for saperp modernization for oracle smart spaces  data-driven industrial operations  industry solutionsbanking and insurancemanufacturingenergy and utilitieshealthcare and life sciencesretailgovernmenttransportation everflex  everflex  close
modernize the digital core
infrastructure modernization application infrastructuredata protectioncloud storage for applicationshybrid cloud infrastructureinfrastructure as a service
application infrastructure
data protection
cloud storage for applications
hybrid cloud infrastructure
infrastructure as a service
data modernization cloud data managementdata lakes and data warehousesdata integrationai-driven solutions
cloud data management
data lakes and data warehouses
data integration
ai-driven solutions
midrange storage solutions
application modernization application reliability centerscloud modernizationapplication engineeringerp modernization for saperp modernization for oracle
application reliability centers
cloud modernization
application engineering
erp modernization for sap
erp modernization for oracle
smart spaces
data-driven industrial operations
industry solutionsbanking and insurancemanufacturingenergy and utilitieshealthcare and life sciencesretailgovernmenttransportation
banking and insurance
manufacturing
energy and utilities
healthcare and life sciences
retail
government
transportation
products  storage flash storageobject storagesoftware defined storagenetwork attached storagestorage as a service converged and hyperconverged infrastructure  it operations management hitachi ops centerunified compute platform advisor iot software and solutions lumada industrial dataopslumada manufacturing insightslumada inspection insights data management and analytics lumada dataopsdownload pentaho data protection  video intelligence  proven. powerful. predictable.  proven. powerful. predictable.here's your new vsp portfolio. work smarter with enterprise-class systems priced for your midsized business. explore midrange portfolio												explore midrange portfolio  close
storage flash storageobject storagesoftware defined storagenetwork attached storagestorage as a service
flash storage
object storage
software defined storage
network attached storage
storage as a service
converged and hyperconverged infrastructure
it operations management hitachi ops centerunified compute platform advisor
hitachi ops center
unified compute platform advisor
iot software and solutions lumada industrial dataopslumada manufacturing insightslumada inspection insights
lumada industrial dataops
lumada manufacturing insights
lumada inspection insights
data management and analytics lumada dataopsdownload pentaho
lumada dataops
download pentaho
data protection
video intelligence
here's your new vsp portfolio. work smarter with enterprise-class systems priced for your midsized business.
services  application reliability centers  consulting services digital strategy advisory servicesdata modernization servicesai & insights servicesapplication modernizationcloud modernization servicesdigital experience servicesmanaged services edge to cloud infrastructure services infrastructure serviceshitachi kubernetes service customer support services lumada and pentaho support servicespreferred customer services training  certification  consulting services  consulting servicesour consulting services help you unlock your digital transformation with agility and innovation. transform now												transform now  close
application reliability centers
consulting services digital strategy advisory servicesdata modernization servicesai & insights servicesapplication modernizationcloud modernization servicesdigital experience servicesmanaged services
digital strategy advisory services
data modernization services
ai & insights services
application modernization
cloud modernization services
digital experience services
managed services
edge to cloud infrastructure services infrastructure serviceshitachi kubernetes service
infrastructure services
hitachi kubernetes service
customer support services lumada and pentaho support servicespreferred customer services
lumada and pentaho support services
preferred customer services
training
certification
our consulting services help you unlock your digital transformation with agility and innovation.
everflex  															move  to xaas															move  to xaas why everflex  offerings  everflex blogs  value selector  value selectora complete suite of as-a-service offerings for it and the business generate a recommendation												generate a recommendation whitepaper  whitepaperconsumption-based acquisition gains significant traction view whitepaper												view whitepaper  close
why everflex
offerings
everflex blogs
a complete suite of as-a-service offerings for it and the business
consumption-based acquisition gains significant traction
insights
news
partners  															view partners and resources															view partners and resources partner program create business modelmanage business modeldeliver business modelresell business model find a partner  become a partner  partner portal  explore our partner ecosystem  explore our partner ecosystemour searchable partner locator tool highlights partner competencies, business models, and location(s). find a partner												find a partner award-winning partner program  award-winning partner programget partner information you need, including product news, big conversations, training and tools. partner portal												partner portal  close
partner program create business modelmanage business modeldeliver business modelresell business model
create business model
manage business model
deliver business model
resell business model
find a partner
become a partner
partner portal
our searchable partner locator tool highlights partner competencies, business models, and location(s).
get partner information you need, including product news, big conversations, training and tools.
company  															about company															about company social innovation  leadership  careers  customer stories  events and webinars  data management done differently  corporate social responsibility  contact us  legal & compliance  magical experiences delivered  magical experiences deliveredlearn how hitachi vantara and disney parks turn data into even more magic. see alliance												see alliance what’s now to what’s next  what’s now to what’s nextknow how to build next-gen charging solutions for evs? we do. see the future												see the future  close
social innovation
leadership
careers
customer stories
events and webinars
data management done differently
corporate social responsibility
contact us
legal & compliance
learn how hitachi vantara and disney parks turn data into even more magic.
know how to build next-gen charging solutions for evs? we do.
contact us call us at  1 (678) 403-3035call us at  1 (678) 403-3035contact salescontact salesget supportget supportfind a partnerfind a partnerreport misconductreport misconduct
call us at  1 (678) 403-3035call us at  1 (678) 403-3035
contact salescontact sales
get supportget support
find a partnerfind a partner
report misconductreport misconduct
latamlatam
brasil (brazil)brasil
united statesunited states
australia/new zealandaustralia/new zealand
中国 (china)中国
hong konghong kong
indiaindia
日本 (japan)日本
한국 (korea)한국
台湾 (taiwan)台湾
aseanasean
deutschland (germany)deutschland
россия (russia)россия
home
company
legal and compliance
legal and compliance
direct purchase agreement (dpa)
online terms for software licensing, maintenance and support and as a service offerings
open source software terms
hitachi university training terms
service starter pack exhibits
waterline service description
direct purchase agreement (dpa)
the direct purchase agreement (dpa) covers the terms for your purchase of products, services and solutions from hitachi vantara. click to download the dpa for your country below. if you want a country not listed below, contact your hitachi vantara representative.
the dpa must be read along with the hitachi vantara online terms for software licensing, maintenance and support and as a service offerings, except for those countries highlighted by an *, in which case those terms are embedded in the dpa, due to local legal requirements.
americas
argentina
brazil
canada
chile
colombia
mexico
united states
asia pacific
australia
hong kong
india
malaysia
new zealand
peoples republic of china
singapore
emea
austria
belgium
denmark
finland
france*
france - french*
germany
israel
ireland
italy*
netherlands
norway
spain
sweden
switzerland*
switzerland - french*
switzerland - german*
uk
the documents uploaded here are in english or local language of the relevant country. if you require another language, contact your hitachi vantara representative.
online terms for software licensing, maintenance and support and as a service offerings
to be used with the direct purchase agreement (dpa) located at https://www.hitachivantara.com/en-us/company/legal.direct-purchase-agreement.html. these terms will also apply to customers who purchase from hitachi vantara authorized partners.
warranty maintenance and support (wms) terms
english
french
indonesian
portuguese
simplified chinese
spanish
"as a service" (xaas) terms
english
software license terms (base terms)
english
french
indonesian
portuguese
simplified chinese
spanish
hosted services addendum to software license terms
english
french
indonesian
portuguese
simplified chinese
spanish
open source software in hitachi vantara products
the open source software content in hitachi vantara products may be found in the product documentation, on this open source license website, or at https://knowledge.hitachivantara.com/documents/open_source_software. to the extent the license for any open source software requires hitachi vantara to make available certain source code and/or modifications, you may obtain a copy of the applicable files by sending a written request with your name and address to: product manager of [insert product name], hitachi vantara llc, 2535 augustine drive, santa clara, ca 95054.
storage
hitachi hnas v. 13.9
hitachi hnas v. 13.7
hitachi hnas v. 13.6
hitachi hnas v. 13.5
hitachi ops center v 10.8.0-01
hitachi ops center v 10.8.0.
hitachi ops center v. 10.7.0.
hitachi ops center 10.6.1
hitachi ops center 10.6.0
hitachi ops center 10.5.1
hitachi ops center 10.5.0
hitachi ops center v. 10.3.1
hitachi ops center v. 10.3.0
hitachi ops center v. 10.2.0
hitachi ops center v. 10.1.1
hitachi ops center v. 10.0.0.
hitachi ops center protector v.7.0.2
hitachi command suite v. 8.8.1.
hitachi command suite v. 8.8.0
hitachi command suite v.8.7.7
hitachi command suite 8.7.6
hitachi command suite v. 8.7.4-01
hitachi command suite v. 8.7.4
hitachi command suite v. 8.7.3
hitachi command suite 8.7.1
hitachi command suite v. 8.7.0
hitachi network attached storage
hnas universal migrator director
hcp core software
hcp data migrator
hcp operating system
hitachi content platform gateway v 3.0
hitachi content platform v. 9.0
hitachi content platform v. 8.3
hcp anywhere operating system
hcp anywhere core software
hcp-cs third-party software
hcp-cs third-party software v 1.5
hcp-cs third-party software v 1.4
hcp-cs third-party software v 1.3
hcp-cs third-party software v 1.2
hitachi content intelligence 1.6.1
hitachi data ingestor v. 6.4.8.
converged & hyperconverged infrastructure
hitachi unified compute platform
hitachi infrastructure analytics advisor v4.4.0-91
hitachi infrastructure analytics advisor v4.2.0
ucp advisor 3.7
it operations management
hitachi data center analytics
hitachi data center analytics 8.3
hitachi it operations analyzer
data protection
hitachi data instance director 6.0
hitachi data instance manager
iot
lumada edge v. 3
lumada manufacturing insights v. 2.4.0
lumada manufacturing insights v. 2.3.0
lumada manufacturing insights v. 2.2.0
lumada manufacturing insights v. 2.1.0
maintenance insight v. 3
manufacturing insights
data management & analytics
pentaho agg designer 7.1.0.0
pentaho analysis ee 7.1.0.0
pentaho big data plugin 7.1.0.0
pentaho cdh59 shim 7.1.0.0
pentaho cdh510 shim 7.1.0.0
pentaho data integration 7.1.0.0
pentaho hdp30 shim v. 8.2.0
pentaho emr46 shim 7.1.0.0
pentaho emr52 shim 7.1.0.0
pentaho emr56 7.1.0.0
pentaho hdi35 shim 7.1.0.0
pentaho hdp24 shim 7.1.0.0
pentaho hdp25 shim 7.1.0.0
pentaho mapr510 shim 7.1.0.0
pentaho mapr520 shim 7.1.0.0
pentaho metadata 7.1.0.0
pentaho reporting 7.1.0.0
pentaho schema workbench 7.1.0.0
pentaho server ee v.8.2.0
pentaho server 7.1.0.0
video intelligence
open source license terms
open source software license terms
open source software in earlier versions of products
training
training terms and conditions
service starter pack exhibits
these service starter pack exhibits are to be used with professional services provided by hitachi vantara on selected hardware and software product sales.
english
adaptive data reduction starter pack
file starter pack exhibit
hcp anywhere starter pack exhibit
hcp for cloud scale starter pack exhibit
hcp starter pack exhibit
hitachi ops center automator starter pack
lumada edge intelligence starter pack
storage starter pack exhibit
storage starter pack for mainframe exhibit
storage starter pack lite exhibit
french
adaptive data reduction starter pack
file starter pack exhibit
hcp anywhere starter pack exhibit
hcp for cloud scale starter pack exhibit
hcp starter pack exhibit
hitachi ops center automator starter pack
lumada edge intelligence starter pack
storage starter pack exhibit
storage starter pack for mainframe exhibit
storage starter pack lite exhibit
german
adaptive data reduction starter pack
file starter pack exhibit
hcp anywhere starter pack exhibit
hcp for cloud scale starter pack exhibit
hcp starter pack exhibit
hitachi ops center automator starter pack
lumada edge intelligence starter pack
storage starter pack exhibit
storage starter pack for mainframe exhibit
storage starter pack lite exhibit
italian
adaptive data reduction starter pack
file starter pack exhibit
hcp anywhere starter pack exhibit
hcp for cloud scale starter pack exhibit
hcp starter pack exhibit
hitachi ops center automator starter pack
lumada edge intelligence starter pack
storage starter pack exhibit
storage starter pack for mainframe exhibit
storage starter pack lite exhibit
portuguese
adaptive data reduction starter pack exhibit
file starter pack exhibit
hcp anywhere starter pack exhibit
hcp for cloud scale starter pack exhibit
hcp starter pack exhibit
hitachi ops center automator starter pack
lumada edge intelligence starter pack
storage starter pack exhibit
storage starter pack for mainframe exhibit
storage starter pack lite exhibit
simplified chinese
adaptive data reduction starter pack
file starter pack exhibit
hcp anywhere starter pack exhibit
hcp for cloud scale starter pack exhibit
hcp starter pack exhibit
hitachi ops center automator starter pack
lumada edge intelligence starter pack
storage starter pack exhibit
storage starter pack for mainframe exhibit
storage starter pack lite exhibit
spanish
adaptive data reduction starter pack
file starter pack exhibit
hcp anywhere starter pack exhibit
hcp for cloud scale starter pack exhibit
hcp starter pack exhibit
hitachi ops center automator starter pack
lumada edge intelligence starter pack
storage starter pack exhibit
storage starter pack for mainframe exhibit
storage starter pack lite exhibit
description of services
this description of services sets forth waterline data science, inc.’s (“waterline”) professional services to assist customer’s it staff with deployment of the waterline software products (the “software”). the waterline professional services described in this description of services (collectively, the “services”) are based upon waterline’s understanding of customer’s current requirements. the services may be delivered remotely or on-site.
quick start package
scope of work
general description of the projectwaterline will work with the customer project team to install the software into a single environment, configure the software, attach to a data source, profile and tag the data
waterline will work with the customer project team to install the software into a single environment, configure the software, attach to a data source, profile and tag the data
list of in-scope and out-of-scope itemsplanning       gather system specificsreview compatibility checklistdevelop project timelines environment validation       review environment specifics such as spark and solr instances for identified environment installation & configuration       assist customer to install and configure spark and solrassist customer to install the software into a single environment (dev, test, qa, etc.)assist customer to configure the software to integrate with customer’s designated environmentassist customer to deploy their data catalogue data discovery & profiling       assist customer to attach and profile up to three (3) data sourcesassist customer to import business glossaryassist customer to tag data training       provide basic administration training any scope, activity or function not specified above is considered to be out-of-scope for this project
planning       gather system specificsreview compatibility checklistdevelop project timelines
gather system specifics
review compatibility checklist
develop project timelines
environment validation       review environment specifics such as spark and solr instances for identified environment
review environment specifics such as spark and solr instances for identified environment
installation & configuration       assist customer to install and configure spark and solrassist customer to install the software into a single environment (dev, test, qa, etc.)assist customer to configure the software to integrate with customer’s designated environmentassist customer to deploy their data catalogue
assist customer to install and configure spark and solr
assist customer to install the software into a single environment (dev, test, qa, etc.)
assist customer to configure the software to integrate with customer’s designated environment
assist customer to deploy their data catalogue
data discovery & profiling       assist customer to attach and profile up to three (3) data sourcesassist customer to import business glossaryassist customer to tag data
assist customer to attach and profile up to three (3) data sources
assist customer to import business glossary
assist customer to tag data
training       provide basic administration training
provide basic administration training
any scope, activity or function not specified above is considered to be out-of-scope for this project
waterline’s responsibilities and deliverables  - project start-up  waterline’s customer success team will work with customer’s executive sponsor(s) and project manager to:     establish overall success criteriarefine project scope considering all related projects, data sources and use casesidentify accountable parties and team members for the different technology domains where applicable:       hadoop administratorssecurity administratorsdatabase administrators establish due dates for the following project milestones:       project start-up completeenvironment completeinstallation/configuration completego-liveproject complete plan logistics for subsequent project activities
establish overall success criteria
refine project scope considering all related projects, data sources and use cases
identify accountable parties and team members for the different technology domains where applicable:       hadoop administratorssecurity administratorsdatabase administrators
hadoop administrators
security administrators
database administrators
establish due dates for the following project milestones:       project start-up completeenvironment completeinstallation/configuration completego-liveproject complete
project start-up complete
environment complete
installation/configuration complete
go-live
project complete
plan logistics for subsequent project activities
prepare and validate  waterline’s customer success team will work with customer’s project manager to:     conduct a kick-off meeting that includes key stakeholders across it and business functionsdevelop a responsibility matrix (raci diagram)create a detailed project plan   waterline’s technical services team will work with customer’s technical architect and extended technical team to:     gather or refresh architectural inputs related to data sources, workloads, datacenters, and use cases in scope for the deploymentspecify any operating policies for waterline
conduct a kick-off meeting that includes key stakeholders across it and business functions
develop a responsibility matrix (raci diagram)
create a detailed project plan
gather or refresh architectural inputs related to data sources, workloads, datacenters, and use cases in scope for the deployment
specify any operating policies for waterline
install and configure  waterline’s technical specialist will work with customer’s extended administration team to:     validate that available hardware and software standards used to deploy the software are aligned with the established architecturereview software prerequisitesconnect to in-scope data sourcesassist in performance-tuning profiling jobs where necessary
validate that available hardware and software standards used to deploy the software are aligned with the established architecture
review software prerequisites
connect to in-scope data sources
assist in performance-tuning profiling jobs where necessary
profile and curate data  waterline’s technical specialist will work with customer’s extended administration team to:     assist customer to profile up to three (3) data sourcesassist customer to import business glossaryassist customer to tag datareview profiled data for completenessdemonstrate and review lineage
assist customer to profile up to three (3) data sources
assist customer to import business glossary
assist customer to tag data
review profiled data for completeness
demonstrate and review lineage
trainingprovide basic administration trainingprovide basic end user training
provide basic administration training
provide basic end user training
estimated timelinewaterline will commence the services defined in this section 2 once customer and waterline agree on the project start date or within two (2) weeks of the sow effective date, whichever is laterthe estimated completion time for the project is within 30 days of the start date and shall not exceed 20 person-days of effort
waterline will commence the services defined in this section 2 once customer and waterline agree on the project start date or within two (2) weeks of the sow effective date, whichever is later
the estimated completion time for the project is within 30 days of the start date and shall not exceed 20 person-days of effort
deliverablesproject charter – contains the project success criteria, scope, milestone due dates and team assignmentssoftware: waterline’s current general availability (ga) softwareproduct documentationtechnical configuration summary – contains a summary of the technical configurations made during the implementation with accompanying screen-shotsengagement summary – summarizes the outcomes of the project for customer’s executive sponsor(s) and project managerall deliverables will be deemed accepted unless expressly rejected in a written notice to waterline within 10 business days of receipt of deliverable
project charter – contains the project success criteria, scope, milestone due dates and team assignments
software: waterline’s current general availability (ga) software
product documentation
technical configuration summary – contains a summary of the technical configurations made during the implementation with accompanying screen-shots
engagement summary – summarizes the outcomes of the project for customer’s executive sponsor(s) and project manager
all deliverables will be deemed accepted unless expressly rejected in a written notice to waterline within 10 business days of receipt of deliverable
waterline personnelexecutive sponsor – responsible for ensuring that customer receives the expected value immediately after implementation and over the longer term, and to serve as waterline’s executive escalation pointproject lead accountable to both customer and waterline for short- and long-term customer success and value. responsible for executing project plans in close partnership with customer’s executive sponsors and project leadtechnical leads – responsible for installing and configuring the software in support of customer business and it objectives and for providing knowledge transfer to customer’s product ownersupport lead – responsible for delivering training to it and end user constituencies
executive sponsor – responsible for ensuring that customer receives the expected value immediately after implementation and over the longer term, and to serve as waterline’s executive escalation point
project lead accountable to both customer and waterline for short- and long-term customer success and value. responsible for executing project plans in close partnership with customer’s executive sponsors and project lead
technical leads – responsible for installing and configuring the software in support of customer business and it objectives and for providing knowledge transfer to customer’s product owner
support lead – responsible for delivering training to it and end user constituencies
customer obligationscustomer personnel will make reasonable efforts to make themselves available on a timely basis for meetings, design reviews, installation and configuration reviews, testing and escalation meetings to resolve open issues, and will advance mutually agreed project deliverables in accordance with the project plancustomer will provide the inputs required in order to complete the deliverables described above including, but not limited to, project plans, release plans, and financial inputs and metrics related to operational benefitscustomer will produce (with guidance and assistance from waterline) and manage a clearly defined and regularly updated project plancustomer will provide all required infrastructure in conformance with the specifications and best practicesall necessary waterline personnel working on customer’s project will be provided reasonable access to customer facilities if and when necessary and in accordance with customer’s security requirementscustomer will provide the necessary office space for any on-site waterline personnel. office space will include a desk, monitor, keyboard and office chairwaterline personnel will be provided, as needed, a customer laptop with all necessary software to schedule meetings and reserve conference roomscustomer will assist waterline in setting up telepresence/telecom calls between personnel at various customer facilities as needed
customer personnel will make reasonable efforts to make themselves available on a timely basis for meetings, design reviews, installation and configuration reviews, testing and escalation meetings to resolve open issues, and will advance mutually agreed project deliverables in accordance with the project plan
customer will provide the inputs required in order to complete the deliverables described above including, but not limited to, project plans, release plans, and financial inputs and metrics related to operational benefits
customer will produce (with guidance and assistance from waterline) and manage a clearly defined and regularly updated project plan
customer will provide all required infrastructure in conformance with the specifications and best practices
all necessary waterline personnel working on customer’s project will be provided reasonable access to customer facilities if and when necessary and in accordance with customer’s security requirements
customer will provide the necessary office space for any on-site waterline personnel. office space will include a desk, monitor, keyboard and office chair
waterline personnel will be provided, as needed, a customer laptop with all necessary software to schedule meetings and reserve conference rooms
customer will assist waterline in setting up telepresence/telecom calls between personnel at various customer facilities as needed
fees
fees & expenses
the services described herein are offered to customer on a fixed-fee basis, and the fee for such services is specified on the order form.
customer shall prepay the total fees for the services stated on the order form. invoices shall be paid by customer net thirty (30) days from date of receipt of invoice from waterline, unless customer has entered into a separate agreement with waterline, in which case the payment terms agreed in such agreement shall govern.
miscellaneous
upon signing the order form, waterline or its representative will schedule a project launch meeting where mutual agreements on staffing and project start date will be determined
the project will be performed in a single phase and all deliverables will be initiated, created, and completed at roughly the same time
unless customer and waterline have entered into a separate agreement, this description of services (a) shall be governed by the terms and conditions set forth on the order form and any waterline software license and services agreement with customer; and (b) is incorporated into and becomes part of the order form upon the latter’s signature
privacy policy
cookie policy
data subject request policy
privacy
hitachi vantara's global data protection & privacy policy
collectively, the terms below are referred to as the "policy."
hitachi vantara llc and its subsidiaries (collectively "hitachi", "us" or "we") respects and values your privacy. hitachi vantara's global data protection & privacy policy discusses our methods and approach to earning the trust you put in hitachi.
please read this policy and our terms of use carefully because, by accessing this website and any other websites owned by hitachi (collectively, our "site"), you agree to comply with them. also, by submitting personal information to hitachi, you indicate that you consent to hitachi's collection (including via our site), processing and use of your personal information as described within the scope of this policy.
please note that if you apply for a position with hitachi, our employee privacy policy and the corresponding local privacy laws of your place or residence applicable to employees and applicants will govern the collection, processing, use and international transfer of your personal data after your initial application for employment. you may obtain a copy of that policy from your recruiter or privacy@hitachivantara.com.
please contact privacy@hitachivantara.com with any questions about this policy.
hitachi's privacy mission
hitachi may, in the course of business, collect personal information, including personal data regulated by the european union (eu) general data protection regulation 2016/679 ("gdpr"), which is voluntarily provided by you. the potential uses of your personal information by hitachi are outlined in this policy.
our policy is not to share personal information with third parties except as provided for in this policy, to facilitate our internal information processing activities, or to comply with applicable law. we recognize that your personal information is confidential and we take steps intended to protect your personal information while it is in our possession.
collection of your personal information by hitachi
hitachi may invite you to provide limited business-related personal information, including but not limited to:
identifiers and commercial information such as your name, title, company address, e-mail address, telephone and fax numbers, and whether you are a current client or business partner; and
internet or other electronic network activity information (please see “cookies” below, and hitachi’s cookie policy).
if you are applying for a position with hitachi through the site, you may be asked to submit information related to your qualifications for the position, including professional or employment-related information, education information, or geolocation data.
please note that hitachi disclaims any legal duty to verify the accuracy of any personal information that you provide to hitachi.
california residents: some of the above-listed information constitutes “personal information” as defined in cal. civ. code §1798.80(e) and/or protected classifications under california or us federal law.
sensitive personal information hitachi does not collect, store, or process any sensitive personal information from you for the purposes described in this policy, including sensitive personal data as regulated by the gdpr. depending on your location, sensitive personal information may include various types of personal information relating to: race or ethnic origin; political opinions; religious or philosophical beliefs; trade union membership; genetic data; biometric data for the purpose of uniquely identifying a natural person; data concerning health; data concerning a natural person's sex life; sexual orientation or criminal record. we request that you do not provide sensitive personal information to us.
use of your personal information by hitachi
hitachi may have disclosed the above-listed personal information provided by you to third parties for business purposes (please see “third parties” below).
typically, hitachi will ask for you to submit personal information for the following purposes:
website registration and to permit access to restricted areas of our site;
customer, supplier, and/or business partner relationship management;
service and asset management;
to evaluate and respond to inquiries and applications for employment sent over the site;
purchase management;
marketing of products and services;
occupational health and safety;
workplace security and protection of personnel, assets and resources;
to fulfil administrative and information technology functions, such as making updates to our site;
monitoring or demonstrating compliance with applicable legal or regulatory requirements, or internal corporate mandates;
compliance with legal requirements imposed on any hitachi entity, or to defend a legal claim.
hitachi collects personal information for legitimate business purposes and to comply with hitachi's legal obligations. in any instance where non-mandatory information is sought, you will be notified of this at the point of collection.
further information about our site
hitachi uses your personal information provided over the site to better understand your needs and provide you with better service. specifically, we may use your personal information to update you on the benefits and features of hitachi's products and services and to provide you with information and material requested by you. from time to time, we may also use your personal information to contact you for market research or to provide you with marketing information we think would be of particular interest. you may control, edit or view your preferences at hitachi vantara's preference center.
we may also collect details of your visits to our site for system administration and to report aggregate information, such as site traffic data, location data, logs and other communication data, the resources that you access, information about your computer and internet connection (such as ip address, operating system, browser type). this statistical data about our users' equipment, browsing actions and patterns is not intended to identify any specific individual. by providing your personal information to hitachi, you explicitly consent to the collection of details of your visits to our system for the purposes described above.
international transfers of personal information
personal information, including personal information collected in the european economic area ("eea") collected by hitachi may be transferred, stored and processed by member companies of the worldwide hitachi organization and the hitachi family of companies, our business partners or third-party service providers who are established in jurisdictions without comprehensive data protection laws. transfer of information to third parties or to locations outside of your country of residence are managed in accordance with applicable laws, which may include the gdpr
we take reasonable steps aimed to protect your personal information. these steps include implementing the european commission's standard contractual clauses for transfers of personal information from our group companies in the eea to our other group companies. we have implemented similar appropriate safeguards with our service providers, partners and affiliates. for more information about these safeguards, please contact privacy@hitachivantara.com.
by providing your personal information to hitachi, you explicitly consent to the transfer of your information outside of your country of residence.
legally compelled disclosure
there may be circumstances under which hitachi may be legally compelled to disclose your personal information. these circumstances may include, among others, situations where disclosure is required by law applicable to hitachi, or necessary to comply with an order of a court or governmental agency, export control, or necessary for matters of safety and security. in such cases, hitachi will make good faith efforts to provide only that information which is the subject of the official order or request.
data retention
your personal information will be retained for as long as necessary to fulfil hitachi's legitimate business purposes, unless a longer retention period is required by applicable law.
cookies
our site uses cookies. "cookies" are text files containing small amounts of information placed on your computer or device when you visit a website. cookies help us improve the functionality and performance of our site and deliver a better and more personalized service by enabling us to:
estimate our audience size and usage patterns;
store information about your preferences, allowing us to customize our site according to your individual interests;
recognize you when you return to our site; and
provide us with business and marketing information.
you may also receive cookies from third parties we engage to help us provide our site. you may refuse to accept cookies by activating the appropriate setting in your browser's software. in most cases, you may refuse cookies and still fully navigate our site. unless you have adjusted your browser setting, so that it will refuse cookies, our system will issue cookies when you direct your browser to our site.
by accessing our site without activating the appropriate setting in your browser (as described above), you consent to hitachi's reasonable use of cookies as described within hitachi's cookies policy.
third parties
hitachi does not and will not sell, rent, or lease your personal information to others.
california residents: we are required to notify you if hitachi has sold, rented, or leased your personal information in the last twelve months. hitachi has not sold, rented or leased your personal information in the last twelve months.
unless we have specifically informed you, obtained your consent, or are permitted or required to do so by the laws of the jurisdiction we operate in, we will only share the personal information you provide with business partners and third-party service providers who are acting on our behalf, and then only for the uses described in this policy. to be clear, the personal information hitachi discloses to third parties may include any of the categories of personal information listed above (see “collection of your personal information by hitachi”).
specifically, we do not disclose your personal information to third parties for the third party's own direct marketing purposes unless you have provided your affirmative consent for such a disclosure. hitachi will take appropriate steps to ensure that these third parties protect the confidentiality and security of your personal information.
similarly, we ask that you do not provide us with information about third parties without their permission. you represent that, when providing us information about third parties, you have obtained previous, express and informed consent of such parties to process their personal data.
links to third party websites
there are several places throughout the site that may link to other websites that do not operate under hitachi's privacy practices. hitachi does not endorse or make any representations about them, or any information, software or other products or materials found there, or any results that may be obtained from using them. when you link to other websites, hitachi's privacy practices and this policy no longer apply and hitachi assumes no responsibility for the information or other practices of a website that is accessible through hitachi. we encourage you to review other website privacy policies before disclosing any personal information to them.
your choices
hitachi respects your right to make your own choices about how your personal information is handled. should you choose to subscribe to mailing lists or any registrations, and later decide to unsubscribe you may unsubscribe on our preference center. you can also opt out by clicking "unsubscribe" in any marketing email communications we send you, or you may contact hitachi at privacy@hitachivantara.com.
in addition, access to certain applications or services may involve particular uses, disclosure or transfer of the personal information being collected during registration for that application or service. if required under the laws of your country of residence, you will be notified of such intended uses, transfer or disclosure and asked to provide your consent. failure to provide your consent where so requested may mean you will not be provided access to the applications or services for which your personal information cannot be lawfully processed.
privacy rights
hitachi strives to ensure the accuracy of your personal information, as provided to hitachi. we will also provide you with notifications as required by applicable law.
if you are a resident of the eea or as permitted by the laws of your jurisdiction, you may also:
request access to or a copy of your personal information.
request a disclosure of the categories of personal information collected by hitachi.
request a disclosure of the categories of sources from which personal information is collected by hitachi.
request a description of the purpose for hitachi’s collection of personal information.
request a disclosure of the categories of third parties with whom hitachi shares personal information.
request a disclosure of the personal information that hitachi discloses for a business purpose.
request to correct, update or rectify your personal information.
request that hitachi deletes or blocks your personal data. please note that hitachi is unable to delete information that we deem necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, enforce our agreements, or as otherwise excepted under applicable law.
object to or seek a restriction on the processing of your personal data.
refuse to consent or revoke your consent to processing. revoking your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.
raise a concern to us about our collection and use of your personal information at any of the contact points listed below (see “contact for privacy requests or concerns”) or the applicable data protection authority.
hitachi will respond to your requests pursuant to applicable law and in accordance with hitachi's data subject rights policy.
contact for privacy requests
requests to exercise your privacy rights can be directed to any of the following:
hitachi’s online dsar form;
via email to privacy@hitachivantara.com; or
via toll-free telephone call to hitachi vantara’s reporting hotline (click the hyperlink for the correct number to dial for your location)
security
we have put in place technical and organisational procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect from you and to reduce the risk of loss, unauthorized access, misuse and alteration. unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. although we work very hard to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted over our site.
sale of business assets
in the unlikely event of a sale of hitachi, a hitachi business unit, or a hitachi affiliate, personal information held by hitachi may be made available to a buyer or prospective buyers in order for them to evaluate any such purchase or to operate any parts of hitachi’s business.
modifications
subject to the legal requirements of your jurisdiction of residence for notice and consent, hitachi reserves the right to modify or amend this policy at any time in order to adjust to applicable laws or regulations, or changes in hitachi’s practices or procedures. where conflicts exist between the terms and conditions of this policy and applicable national data protection laws, the latter will take precedence. this policy is not intended to, and does not, provide rights beyond those that are prescribed by applicable national laws. the implementation date will be displayed at the bottom of this policy.
hitachi content platform anywhere android application
hitachi content platform (hereinafter, "hcp") anywhere is deployed by enterprises to mobilize, manage, and protect data. the data on the hcp anywhere mobile application is stored and managed by the particular enterprise that deployed the hcp anywhere sever, not hitachi. in these cases, any data subjects who wish to exercise their rights should direct their query to our customers who act as "data controllers".
when installed on a device, the hcp anywhere mobile application has access to several permissions which allows it to enforce security policies on the device based on the enterprise's hcp anywhere settings. mainly, the application can enforce:
password requirements, such as length and alphanumeric requirements
maximum inactivity time
storage area encryption
the hcp anywhere mobile application enforces these policies using device administration. although the hcp anywhere mobile application can enforce certain policies on the device, it does not collect or process any personal information (e.g. your device password).
privacy of minors and children
our site, our products, and services are not directed to minors, including individuals under the age of thirteen. please let us know if a minor or person under the age of thirteen has provided hitachi with personal information by contacting privacy@hitachivantara.com. in the event that we become aware that a minor has provided us with personal information, we will implement the necessary technical and organizational measure to erase said information.
contact us
we welcome your inquiries or comments about this policy and any queries or concerns that you may have about the site.
please contact hitachi at privacy@hitachivantara.com or at the following address:
hitachi vantara llc 2535 augustine drive santa clara, ca 95054 usa  attention: global data protection officer
implementation date
we review hitachi’s privacy policy regularly to reflect changes introduced by the applicable legislation. if you continue using our site after such revisions are in effect, you accept and agree to the revisions and to abide by them.
this policy was last updated on december 31, 2019.
cookie policy
hitachi vantara llc and its subsidiaries (collectively "hitachi", "us" or "we") takes users’ privacy very seriously. this cookie policy is intended to provide you with the information necessary to manage the cookies we collect from you while you visit our site.
this cookie policy should be read together with hitachi vantara’s global data protection & privacy policy (the "policy"), governing the use of the site. please read our policy carefully to understand our practices regarding your personal data and how we will treat it. for your ease of reference, the definitions used in the policy are the same as those adopted in this cookie policy.
by continuing to browse the site, you are deemed to have agreed to our use of cookies.
what is a cookie?
cookies are text files containing small amounts of information that are downloaded to your device when you visit a website.
cookies allow a website to recognise users, for example with your browser log-in-data, in order to understand the users’ navigation on different websites.
in practice, the website that you visit sends information to the browser, which then creates a text file. every time the user goes back to the same website, the browser retrieves and sends this file to the website’s server.
how cookies make our site easier and safer to use
cookies are used for a variety of reasons, for example, to improve the functionality and performance of our site(s) and to protect your privacy when browsing through them.
hitachi cookies
hitachi wants you to enjoy your experience on our site. for this reason, when visiting hitachi sites, cookies are installed on your computer.
when using hitachi sites, data logs of your activity may be collected for the purpose of understanding aggregate usage of features and pages, improve the functionality and performance of this site and to allow us to tailor the content of the site to suit your interests.
below, you will find a table explaining the cookies we use and the purpose to use them:
hitachi visualization suite (hvs) cookies
to ensure you enjoy your experience when accessing and using hitachi visualization suite (hvs), essential cookies are installed on your computer with the sole purpose to facilitate user’s id authentication when loggin in the hvs.
as described in the below table, those cookies are classified as “session” cookies because they are used only during the open session to authenticate user’s id. the below “session” cookies expire once hvs session is closed.
below, you will find a table explaining the cookies we use and the purpose to use them in hitachi visualization suite (hvs):
how can you manage your cookies?
if you do not agree with the use of our cookies, you can set up your browser settings to limit or exclude their use. you may also customize your cookies settings displayed in our cookies’ pop-up. your browser may provide you with information and control over the cookies. moreover, you can configure your browser to inform you when a cookie is being used, giving you the opportunity to accept or reject the cookie. your browser’s “help” function will tell you how to do this.
if you configure your browser to opt-out from storing cookies, this might impact your ability to use or your user experience on our site.
finally, you also have the option to stop using hitachi site(s).
how long does hitachi keep cookies?
cookies remain on your computer for no longer than 24 months, but you can decide to delete all the cookies by accessing your browser settings at any time.
links to third-party websites
the cookie description and settings are only applicable to those site(s) managed and owned by hitachi. if we include a link to an external webpage and you click on it, you will leave our website and be subject to the settings and policy applying to that external website. please be cautious and review the settings and the applicable policy of the new website you are visiting.
more about your privacy
to find out more about hitachi’s privacy policy, please access our policy or contact us at privacy@hitachivantara.com
data subject request policy
introduction & purpose
certain data protection laws give data subjects the ability to access, rectify, erase, restrict processing, object to processing, and/or have portable formats of their personal information. data subjects may exercise these rights by way of a data subject rights request, i.e. a written request by an individual to a data controller or data processor to exercise or as part of exercising her/his right under such laws. this document sets out hitachi vantara's policy for responding to a data subject rights request under applicable data protection laws, including the eu's general data protection regulation.
hitachi vantara welcomes all reasonable requests for information. hitachi vantara will review and, when appropriate, respond to these requests within the time period specified by applicable law.
to learn more about what constitutes personal information, please refer to hitachi vantara's global data protection and privacy policy (or the "privacy policy").
making a request to access your information
depending on where you live, you may have the right to see, correct, delete, object or limit how we process, and/or obtain a portable copy of the personal information we hold about you. however, this is not always an absolute right. this means that your requests may be subject to certain exemptions or grounds on which we may refuse. should you wish to make a request, you are encouraged (but not compelled) to do so by using one of our request forms found online.
receiving a data subject request
upon receiving a request, we will firstly seek to verify your identity to ensure that the request is made by you or by another person who is authorised on your behalf to make this request (such as a legal guardian or authorised agent). you may be asked to provide any evidence that confirms your identity (such as proof of your address). if you are requesting on behalf of another individual, you must supply the individual's consent for the release of that individual's personal information to you.
we will then evaluate your requests pursuant to applicable law, the rights of third parties, and any contractual agreements we have with you. this may involve communications with external stakeholders who hold the relevant personal information. unless the other party has provided their consent or it is reasonable to do so without their consent, we will not share any information that relates to a third party. information may be redacted with an explanation of its scope and reason.
we aim to respond to your request within the period mandated by the relevant law, or if none is specified, within a reasonable time period after you have made the request. if we are unable to do so, you can expect an explanation from us on why we are unable to do so. you may also receive a preliminary reply from us requesting for further information, or to update you on progress undertaken or the timing (including the fact that the time limit will not start to run until the further information is received).
except where permitted by law, we will not charge you any administrative or other fee. if we do, we will inform you promptly of this.
access request: if you make a request to access your personal information, we may do any of the following as part of issuing our response when permitted by law: (a) summarise information rather than provide a copy of the whole document; (b) provide access to your personal information on an informal basis, such as by phone or in person; (c) send permanent copies of the information to you (except where otherwise agreed, it is impossible to do so, or it would involve undue effort); (d) allow you to view the information on screen. your access will depend on the means by which we received the request, the volume of information sought or the nature of the information. in any event, we will consult with you to try to satisfy your request and also explain any complex terms or abbreviations contained in the information.
refusing a request
data protection laws contain a number of exemptions to any right to access, correct, delete, object or limit how we process, and/or obtain a portable copy of your personal information. an example of an exemption is information covered by legal professional privilege. should we refuse your request, we will write to you to explain our grounds for the refusal as well as setting out any other matters prescribed by the data protection law applicable to you.
complaints procedure
if you are not satisfied with our actions, you may submit a complaint to the global data protection officer (privacy@hitachivantara.com). if you remain dissatisfied, you may have the right to refer the matter to your local data protection authority.
general application this document forms part of and supplements the privacy policy, and prevails over the privacy policy in the event of any inconsistency. this document may be used as part of general privacy compliance training for those involved in handling subject access requests.
last updated: may 25, 2018
ethics and business conduct resources
at hitachi vantara, we commit to conduct business with integrity. it starts inside the company with our employees and contractors and extends to the way we conduct business with our customers and our suppliers. this commitment touches everything we do. we encourage anyone with a concern about the way in which we are conducting business to report it. hitachi vantara does not tolerate intimidation or retaliation against anyone who raises a concern in good faith. we are committed to doing business the right way, every day.
ethics hotline
code of ethics and business conduct
hitachi vantara partner code of conduct
italy 231 model – english
italy 231 model – italian
hitachi vantara prohibits retaliation against, or harassment or victimization of, any current or former employee:
who seeks guidance concerning any potential ethical violation or illegal behavior.
who reports any ethical violation or illegal behavior to hitachi vantara or any government or law enforcement agency.
who refuses to participate in any ethical violation or illegal behavior.
if you see something, say something. maintaining ethical business practices is everyone’s responsibility.
hipaa/glba
gramm leach bliley act (glba)
health insurance portability and accountability (hipaa)
trademarks
hitachi vantara trademarks
the trademarks, logos, service marks (collectively "trademarks") displayed on this site are registered and unregistered trademarks of hitachi, ltd., hitachi vantara, its affiliates or its respective owners. the following list may not contain an exhaustive list of all trademarks currently registered or used by hitachi vantara in the united states and other countries. for the most up-to-date trademark information and inquiries, please contact the hitachi vantara legal department.
hitachi, ltd., trademarks
hitachi
hitachi (logotype)
hitachi vantara
hitachi vantara trademarks
content platform anywhere
essential nas platform
pentaho
pentaho (logotype)
hi-track
innovate with information
shadowimage
tagmaserve
tagmasoft
tagmasolve
tagmastore
truecopy
truenorth
vantara
vantara (logotype)
vantara insight
vsp
universal storage platform
hitachi vantara trademarks
a-e
dynamic link manager
f-j
graph-track
hicard
hipass
hi-per architecture
hireturn
hi-star
i'm the "t" in it!
ilab
k-o
lightning 9900
lightning 9980v
lightning 9970v
nanocopy
p-z
pentaho
pentaho (logotype)
resource manager
splitsecond
thunder 9500
thunder 9520v
thunder 9580v
thunder 9585v
thunder 9570v
thunder 9530v
truenorth
universal star network
vantara
vantara (logotype)
vantara insight
website terms of use
website terms of use
use or access of this website (the "site"), acknowledges that you have read these website terms of use ("agreement"), and that you agree to be bound by them. please read this agreement carefully. if you do not accept and comply with this agreement, you will not have authorized access to the site. in this agreement, references to "hitachi" mean hitachi vantara llc and its worldwide related companies and references to "you" mean any user of the site. hitachi vantara llc's address and contact details are contained in section 11p below.
1. copyright notice
copyright 1995-2022 hitachi vantara llc. all rights reserved.
all pages and content within the site are the property of hitachi and/or the other providers.
2. trademark notice
the trademarks are registered and unregistered trademarks of hitachi, its affiliates or other providers. "hitachi" and other trademarks set out in this agreement are trademarks and/or service marks of hitachi and/or its parent company hitachi limited. please click on the trademarks tab at https://www.hitachivantara.com/en-us/company/legal.trademark.html for more information. nothing on this site should be construed as granting any license or right to use the trademarks displayed on this site, whether by implication, estoppel or otherwise. misuse of any trademark or any content displayed on this site is strictly prohibited.
3. license grant and ownership by hitachi
a. license. subject to the terms and conditions of this agreement, and until the agreement ceases to apply to you, hitachi grants to you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, limited and revocable license to access, view or print the content in this site, without alteration, solely and strictly for the authorized purpose. you may download the content, solely as required by you to access, use, view or print it, but you must include the copyright notice set out in section 1 on any printed version of the content. except as stated otherwise on the site, your use of the site will be royalty-free and without charge (for the avoidance of doubt, you may be charged or required to enter into further contracts with respect to particular content on the site). this limited license does not apply to any media or platform other than that of the current site. you must not transfer, or attempt to transfer, the limited license granted to you in this section 3.
b. ownership. hitachi and/or the other providers exclusively retain ownership of all intellectual property rights in the site and all content on the site and those rights are protected under applicable copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade dress, and/or other proprietary rights laws. other than the rights expressly provided in this agreement, you obtain no rights whatsoever in the site or its content (including any ownership rights), by or through your site use. you must not do anything that infringes, threatens to infringe or otherwise jeopardizes the rights of hitachi and/or the other providers in the site and the content.
c. downloadable software. the site may contain downloadable software. unless a separate license exists for such software (either from hitachi or another provider) you agree to use the software on the terms of this agreement, including the restrictions on use set out in section 4. if a separate license applies to such software, you will be bound by the terms and conditions of such license.
4. restrictions on use
a. prohibited acts. concerning your site use or any content, you must not:
restrict or inhibit any other user from the use or enjoyment of the site.
use any device, software or technique to interfere with, or attempt to interfere with, the proper working of the site or to intercept any system, data or personal information from the site.
disguise the origin of the information transmitted through the site.
post or transmit into or on the site any unlawful, fraudulent, threatening, harassing, abusive, libellous, defamatory, obscene or otherwise objectionable or harmful information of any kind.
post or transmit into or on the site any information or software that contains a virus.
other than as expressly permitted in section 3, publish, republish, reproduce, perform, distribute, assign, sub-license, sell, offer for sale, prepare derivative works, modify, adapt, lease, rent, copy, reverse compile, reverse engineer, reverse assemble, transmit, display, decompile, translate into any language (including computer language), or use the content.
post or transmit into or on the site any information in violation of another party's copyright, other intellectual property rights or privacy rights, including information that infringes on another's rights.
take any action which imposes an unreasonable or disproportionately large load on hitachi infrastructure, as expressly determined solely by hitachi.
use or access any software, content or information available through the site in a manner not expressly permitted by hitachi.
redeliver any of the content using "framing," hyperlinks, or other technology without prior express written permission by hitachi.
use any device or technology to provide repeated automated attempts to access password-protected portions of the site.
impersonate or misrepresent your identity or business affiliation.
without limiting section 4d, use the content in any way that it prevents you from obeying traffic or safety laws.
b. commercial exploitation. other than as expressly permitted in section 3, you must not commercially exploit any content in any form, or incorporate any content into any information retrieval system, whether electronic or mechanical.
c. right to regulate. you acknowledge that hitachi has the right at any time, but no obligation, to monitor the site or site-related services and to disclose any information necessary: (i) to operate the site; to (ii) to protect hitachi, ltd., its subsidiaries, other providers and third parties and the customers, suppliers and partners of hitachi or its parent company, hitachi, ltd.; and (iii) to comply with legal obligations or governmental requests. hitachi reserves the right to refuse to post or to remove any information on the site, in whole or in part, for any reason. hitachi also reserves the right to prohibit any user, who in hitachi's sole discretion, violates the agreement, from use of this the site and related services and content (such prohibition may occur without notice to the user).
d. law compliance. you agree to comply with all governmental laws, statutes, ordinances, and regulations (including unfair competition, anti-discrimination or false advertising) regarding your site use.
e. minors. minors are not eligible to use this site. hitachi asks that no information in relation to minors be submitted to hitachi.
5. your site use activities
a. password-protected areas. if you are authorized to have access to password-protected areas of the site, you must keep your password confidential, and if your password is compromised, you must send notice of this to hitachi within 24 hours of first becoming aware of it. hitachi does not agree to protect or indemnify you from any unauthorized use of your password. hitachi is entitled, at any time and without having the obligation to justify its decision, to deny you the right to access password-protected areas by blocking your user name and password, particularly if you (i) use false data or information for the purposes of registration; (ii) you violate this agreement or you neglect your duty of care with regard to your user name and password.
b. unauthorized e-mail. with respect to your site use, you must not engage in the sending of any mass e-mail messages (also known as "spamming") to hitachi or its employees, contractors or third parties.
c. linked sites. the site may contain links to linked sites and when you click on a link to visit a linked site, a frame may appear that contains a trademark of hitachi or its parent company, hitachi limited, advertisement or other information. you acknowledge that: (i) hitachi neither endorses, nor is affiliated with any linked-site and the owner of the linked site neither endorses, nor is affiliated with hitachi; (ii) hitachi cannot and does not control any content or activities on the linked site; (iii) hitachi is not responsible for the availability of the linked sites nor any information (including any materials, software, content, or data) that appears on the linked site or for any products or services contained in, or referenced by, the linked site; and (iv) no information in any linked site has been investigated, confirmed, approved, or verified by hitachi. if you have a dispute or claim relating to a linked site, you hereby release hitachi and its employees, agents and contractors from any and all liability with respect to such disputes and claims, including any demands and damages of every kind and nature (whether direct or indirect, known or unknown, suspected or unsuspected and disclosed or undisclosed) arising out of, or in any way connected with such disputes and claims. if you are a california resident, you waive california civil code §1542.
d. dated materials. you acknowledge that hitachi has no obligation to update the site. therefore, when you use the site, there is a possibility that some content may be out of date, including information about the products and services of hitachi or third parties or pricing thereof.
e. external issues. you acknowledge that (i) the internet is a network of computers worldwide, and that any information that you submit to hitachi necessarily is routed via third party computers to hitachi; (ii) hitachi is not responsible for any lapses in online security and does not assume liability for improper use of your information by a third party.
f. site inaccuracies and errors. it is possible that the site could include inaccuracies and errors (including both substantive and typographical errors). it is also possible that unauthorized additions, deletions and alternations to the site could be made by third parties. subject to the express terms of this agreement, you: (i) bear the entire risk of loss of your site use and site-related services, including with respect to security, privacy and technical malfunctions; and (ii) assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair, correction or replacement of your property or operations as a result of your site use. although hitachi desires and strives to maintain the accuracy and integrity of the site and the content, hitachi makes no guarantees whatsoever as to the accuracy and integrity of the site or its content. hitachi is also not responsible for any content that you may find undesirable or objectionable. if you discover an inaccuracy or error, you will promptly inform hitachi, so that it may be corrected, provided however that hitachi does not guarantee that any reported inaccuracy or error will be corrected or resolved by hitachi even if hitachi attempts to correct or resolve the same. furthermore, you hereby release hitachi, and hitachi hereby disclaims all and any responsibility or liability for any damage or loss caused by viruses contained in the site or related electronic files.
g. no obligation to purchase. this site and the content are not to be construed as any form or recommendation, promotion, endorsement or an offer to sell any product or service by hitachi. you are not obligated under this agreement to purchase or otherwise acquire any product or service from hitachi, and you should apply your own judgment in your site use, including the use of any content as the basis for any conclusions or for the purchase of any product or service or any other transactions. nothing in this agreement prohibits or restricts hitachi from commercially offering any product or service, and hitachi may modify or discontinue such product or service at any time.
6. submissions of information by you
a. grant of license to hitachi. when applicable, before submitting any information to this site, you must always check your license agreements (including software licenses) to make sure that you do not infringe the intellectual property rights of others.
by submitting any information to hitachi, you hereby grant to hitachi a non-exclusive, worldwide, perpetual, royalty-free license to (in any media now known or not currently known or invented) link to, utilize, use, copy, reproduce, distribute, adapt, perform, display, sublicense (through multiple tiers), exploit, and prepare derivative works of the submitted information. by submitting information to hitachi, you represent and warrant that you have the authority to grant such rights to hitachi.
b. use of your information. no information that you submit to the site will be deemed confidential. however, hitachi agrees to use your information in accordance with its privacy policy (if any) applicable to personally identifiable user data. to access hitachi's privacy policy, please go to https://www.hitachivantara.com/en-us/company/legal.privacy.html and click on the relevant tab.
c. use of software. if the submitted information includes or consists of a java™ applet or other software resource, the license granted to hitachi will apply to both object code and source code formats of the applet or resource and hitachi will have the right to analyze, report on, summarize and display the source code on its websites. however, hitachi will not display the complete source code of your resource, unless you grant to hitachi the express written permission to do so in the resource submission or resource update forms. if you submit a resource to hitachi or grant to hitachi the permission to display your source code and decide that you no longer want to grant to hitachi the permission to display your source code, hitachi will remove the resource and/or source code from the site if you send a notice to hitachi, requesting the relevant resource and/or source code to be removed from the site. upon receipt of such notification by certified mail, hitachi will use reasonable efforts to remove the relevant resource and/or source code from the site within fifteen (15) days of receipt of the notice.
d. your warranty. you represent and warrant that, where you access the site on behalf of a company with actual or prospective business dealings with hitachi (the "company"): (i) you are an authorized representative of the company; (ii) you will use the site and its content solely as directed by the company and in accordance with the terms and conditions of this agreement; (iii) your site use will at all times be for the authorized purpose; (iv) you have been authorized by the company to enter this agreement, use the site and use any password that hitachi has issued to you and you will not share such password with anyone; (v) upon the termination of your relationship with the company (whether employment or otherwise), you will send notice to hitachi of this and immediately cease all site use.
e. ownership of information. you retain ownership of any copyrights or other intellectual property rights applicable to any information you submit to hitachi.
7. applicability, cooperation and indemnity
a. geographic scope. although the site is accessible worldwide, not all products, services or offerings referred to in the site may be available to all persons in all geographic locations. hitachi reserves the right to limit the provision of any product, service or offering to any person, geographic area or jurisdiction as it so desires, subject to applicable law.
b. content changes. hitachi may add to, delete or change the content at any time in its sole discretion (including the products, services and offerings referred to on the site and any price changes), without notice to you.
c. indemnity. you agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless hitachi, its parent company hitachi, ltd., and other providers against any and all liabilities, claims, damages, costs or other expenses (including attorneys' fees, costs, expenses, and expert witness fees) that arise directly or indirectly out of or from (i) your breach of this agreement, or (ii) your site use.
d. hitachi goodwill. you acknowledge that the content has acquired a valuable secondary meaning and goodwill within the public. accordingly, you must not use the content in any manner whatsoever that, directly or indirectly, would derogate from or otherwise reduce the good repute of hitachi and/or the content. if you or any of your employees, officers, agents, contractors or shareholders (if any) are convicted of an offense, which materially and adversely affects the goodwill of hitachi and/or the content, hitachi may terminate this agreement.
e. protection of content. you agree to participate, to the fullest extent possible, as hitachi in its sole discretion may consider necessary, in any activities to protect any of the content. you must cooperate with hitachi to maintain and defend the ownership and validity of the content against infringement or claims of infringement.
8. confidentiality
your site use may give you access to confidential information of hitachi. you acknowledge that there is no obligation on hitachi to provide you with access to any confidential information, whether through the site or otherwise. however, if hitachi choses to disclose confidential information to you, you agree as follows:
a. non-disclosure. you agree to maintain the confidential information of hitachi in strict confidence, utilizing the same degree of care used by your or your company to protect the respective confidential information of you or your company, and in any event, no less than a reasonable degree of care and to not disclose the confidential information to any third party or to any employees, supervisors or agents of your company without a strict "need to know". you will use the confidential information of hitachi only as agreed by hitachi in writing signed by a hitachi executive.
b. post-termination. upon written request by hitachi, or upon the termination of this agreement, you must immediately return, destroy or purge (as directed by hitachi) all confidential information and copies thereof, and all copies of all materials, in whatever format, containing, reflecting or concerning the confidential information. you hereby expressly assign to hitachi any and all rights that you may have, or have acquired in such confidential information and agree to execute all documents necessary (now or in the future) to give effect to the assignment.
c. grant of rights. other than as stated in section 3, you are granted to no license whatsoever in the confidential information, or in any patent, copyright or other proprietary or intellectual property right of hitachi. your obligations under section 8a will end five (5) years after the termination of this agreement or, if any confidential information of hitachi enters the public domain at an earlier point in time (through no fault of your own) then your obligations under section 8a will end for that item of confidential information at the time it entered into the public domain.
d. non-disclosure agreement. hitachi reserves the right, at any time, to require you to enter into a further non-disclosure agreement with respect to any confidential information of hitachi, as a condition of its disclosure to you, or otherwise as a condition of your continued use of the confidential information.
9. restricted rights, export controls and anti-corruption
a. government use. the software and documentation available on the site are "commercial items," as that term is defined in 48 c.f.r. 2.101 (october 1995), consisting of "commercial computer software" and related documentation, as such terms are used in 48 c.f.r. 12.212 (september 1995). consistent with 48 c.f.r. 12.212 and 48 c.f.r. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (june 1995), all u.s. government end users acquire the software and documentation with only those rights set forth herein.
b. export compliance. you acknowledge and agree to comply with all u.s. laws, regulations and requirements that regulate the export of u.s. origin products and technology and prohibit their use, sale or re-export if you know, or have reason to know, that such products and technology are for use in connection with the design, development, production, stockpiling or use of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons or missiles. furthermore, you will comply with any law from other jurisdictions that regulate import/export of information/data/know-how which may be applicable to you.
c. anti-corruption. you will comply with all applicable laws, statutes, regulations and codes relating to anti-corruption, including the u.s. foreign corrupt practices act and the u.k. bribery act 2010. you will not engage in any activity, practice or conduct which would constitute a breach of any of these anti-corruption laws, or cause hitachi to be in breach of such laws. the hitachi vantara code of conduct (https://www.hitachivantara.com/en-us/pdf/other/partner-code-of-ethics-business-conduct.pdf) sets out in detail how hitachi employees should behave and what they should do if confronted with corruption. in the event you encounter or suspect a breach of the hitachi vantara code of conduct by a hitachi employee, you will promptly report the same to hitachi.
10. limited warranty and disclaimer
a. disclaimer of warranty. hitachi and other content providers make no representation about the suitability of the content hereon. this site, and access to any linked site, is provided to you by all content providers "as is" and "as available," with no representations or warranties of any kind, either expressed or implied, including, but not limited to the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, accuracy, availability, currentness, security, privacy, reliability and non-infringement. you hereby waive all warranties by hitachi related to your site use. you acknowledge that your access to the site will not be free of interruptions or secure, that the information herein may contain bugs, errors, problems or other limitations, and that the site may be unavailable from time to time.
b. limitation of liability. under no circumstances will hitachi or any of the content providers be liable or responsible for any direct, indirect, incidental, consequential losses or damages (including damages from loss of business, lost profits, lost or damaged data, losses arising from litigation, loss of use or lack of availability of facilities including computer resources, routers and stored data, loss resulting from any other website, application or platform accessed to or from this site, or the like), special, exemplary, punitive or other damages, under any legal theory, arising out of or in any way relating to the site, your site use, or the content, even if advised of the possibility of such damages. your sole remedy for dissatisfaction with the site and/or content is to cease all of your site use. you may have additional rights under certain laws (including consumer laws) which do not allow the exclusion of implied warranties, or the exclusion or limitation of certain damages. if these laws apply to you, the exclusions or limitations in this agreement that directly conflict with such laws may not apply to you.
11. dmca policy
hitachi vantara llc abides by the federal digital millennium copyright act (dmca) by responding to notices of alleged infringement that comply with the dmca and other applicable laws. this policy describes how you as a copyright holder can notify hitachi vantara llc of any alleged copyright infringement.
as part of hitachi vantara llc's response, we may remove or disable access to alleged infringing material residing on a site that is controlled or operated by hitachi vantara llc and, where possible, issue a notice to the contributor of such material that their activities have been flagged as a potential copyright infringement. hitachi vantara llc does not control content hosted on third party websites, and as such, cannot remove content from sites that hitachi vantara llc does not own or control. if you are the copyright owner of content hosted on a third-party site, and you have not authorized the use of your content on that site, please contact the administrator of that site directly.
if you are the copyright owner of content hosted on a site controlled or operated by hitachi vantara llc, and you have not authorized the use of your content on the hitachi vantara llc controlled or operated site, you may notify our copyright agent, as set forth in the dmca. for your complaint to be valid under the dmca, you must provide the following information when providing notice of the alleged copyright infringement:
reasonably sufficient details to enable hitachi vantara llc to identify the work claimed to be infringed, or if multiple works are claimed to be infringed, a representative list of such works (ex: title, author, any registration or tracking number, url);
reasonably sufficient detail to enable hitachi vantara llc to identify and locate the material that is claimed to be infringing (ex: link to the page where the material is located);
a statement that you in good faith believe that the use of the material identified is not authorized by the copyright owner, its agent, or the law;
information reasonably sufficient to permit hitachi vantara llc to contact you, such as an address, telephone number, and if available, an electronic email address;
a statement that the information in the notification is accurate and under penalty of perjury, you are authorized to act on behalf of the owner of an exclusive right that is allegedly infringed; and
a physical or electronic signature of a person authorized to act on behalf of the copyright owner.
the above information must be submitted to the designated dmca agent listed below:
hitachi vantara llc 2535 augustine drive santa clara, ca 95054 usa attn: general counsel & chief legal officer
or submitted as an emailed notification to: legal@hitachivantara.com attn: general counsel & chief legal officer
we caution you that under federal law, if you knowingly misrepresent that online material is infringing, you may be subject to heavy civil penalties. these include monetary damages, court costs, and attorneys' fees incurred by hitachi vantara llc, by any copyright owner, or by any copyright owner's licensee that is as a result of hitachi vantara llc relying upon your misrepresentation. you may also be subject to criminal prosecution for perjury.
hitachi vantara llc may document notices of alleged infringement upon which we act. also, please note that your complaint will be a matter of record. a copy of the legal notice may be sent to one or more third parties who may then make it available to the public.
12. miscellaneous
a. transaction location, governing law, jurisdiction, and venue. this agreement will be treated as though it were executed and performed in santa clara, california, and will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the united states of america and of the state of california (exclusive of conflicts of law rules). the language in this agreement will be interpreted as to its fair meaning and not strictly for or against any party. each party to this agreement hereby submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the county of santa clara in the state of california, consents to the extra-territorial service of process, and waives any jurisdictional, venue or inconvenient forum objections to such courts. all legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with this agreement will be brought solely in santa clara county, california. hitachi makes no representation that the content is appropriate or available for use in locations outside the united states of america, and your accessing the content from locations where such content is illegal is strictly prohibited. if you chose to access this site from locations outside of the united states, you do so at your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with local laws.
b. disputes and attorneys' fees. in any action to enforce this agreement, the prevailing party will be entitled to its costs, attorneys' fees, and expenses (including expert witness fees).
c. remedies. if you violate any of the terms of this agreement, you must immediately notify hitachi and take all steps reasonably available to you in order to cure the violation and to prevent any subsequent violation. you acknowledge that your breach of the agreement may cause irreparable damage to hitachi or other providers and that a remedy at law will be inadequate. therefore, in addition to any and all other legal or equitable remedies, hitachi and other providers will be entitled to injunctive relief for any breach of this agreement.
d. severability. if any of the provisions of this agreement will be held by a court or other tribunal of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, such provisions will be limited or eliminated to the minimum extent necessary, so that this agreement will otherwise remain in full force and effect and enforceable.
e. complete integration. this agreement constitutes the entire and only agreement between hitachi and you, pertaining to the subject matter hereof, and is intended to be a complete and absolute integration of the agreement between the parties. concerning the subject matter hereof, any and all prior written agreements, representations, understandings, and warranties (collectively, "understandings") and all contemporaneous or prior oral understandings between the parties are expressly superseded, cancelled, and replaced by this agreement. each site use by you will constitute and be deemed your unconditional acceptance of this agreement, irrespective of whether you review this agreement prior to such site use or not. this agreement and all information relating to your site use are properly authenticated documents and may be given full evidentiary weight, if submitted in evidence by hitachi or you.
f. modifications. this agreement may only be modified by hitachi, by posting a revised agreement on the site. the revised agreement will be effective immediately for all of your subsequent site use. you agree to review the agreement periodically to be aware of the terms and conditions applicable to future site use. if you continue to use the site after any modifications have been included by hitachi to this agreement it will mean you accept those modifications.
g. limitations period. you agree that any claim that you may bring that arises out of your use of the site or related to this agreement must be instituted within one (1) year after the site use relating to such cause of action, or be forever waived and barred.
h. termination. hitachi may terminate your access to the site or content or any site use rights, in its sole and absolute discretion, at any time and for any reason (with or without cause), with or without notice, even if the access and use continues to be allowed to others. without limiting the previous sentence, hitachi may suspend or stop your access to the site if you do not comply with this agreement and when investigating potential misconduct. if the agreement is terminated, you agree to cease all site use and, upon request by hitachi, to return or destroy all information in your possession relating to the site, and all copies thereof, rendering such information no longer accessible to you.
i. survival of certain provisions. all sections of this agreement that are reasonably capable of surviving will survive the expiration or termination of this agreement. no expiration or termination of this agreement will release you from any obligation to pay hitachi any amount that has accrued and become payable at or prior to the date of expiration or termination.
j. assignment, transfer. you will not assign or transfer any interest in this agreement, whether by merger, consolidation, operation of law, or otherwise without the prior written consent of an authorized executive officer of hitachi. hitachi has the right to transfer, subcontract or otherwise deal with hitachi's rights and obligations under this agreement without notifying you or obtaining your consent.
k. waiver. no delay or omission to exercise any right or remedy accruing to hitachi upon any breach or default by you will impair that right or remedy, or be construed to be a waiver of any breach or default, unless contained in an express writing executed by an authorized officer of hitachi.
l. headings. all article or section headings, or exhibit names, are for reference and convenience only and will not be considered in the interpretation of the agreement.
m. no agency. you and hitachi are independent contractors, and no agency, partnership, joint venture, employee-employer or franchiser-franchisee relationship is intended or created by this agreement.
n. conflicts. if this agreement conflicts with a provision of any other contract between you and hitachi relating to the site, the provision in such other contract will govern.
o. suspension of obligations. the obligations of either you or hitachi under this agreement (other than payment obligations) will be suspended, to the extent that the party is hindered or prevented from performing its obligations by acts of god, fires, storms, accidents, governmental regulations or any cause whatsoever, which is not within that party's reasonable control.
p. contacting hitachi. should you desire to contact hitachi about the site, you may do so at: hitachi vantara llc, 2535 augustine drive, santa clara, ca 95054. phone: (408) 970-1000. e-mail: webmaster@hitachivantara.com.
q. third-party beneficiaries. subject to applicable laws, this agreement does not create any third-party beneficiary rights.
13. glossary
the following terms, when used in this agreement, will have the following meanings.
agreement – the term "agreement" means this website terms of use contract, including each and every term and condition of the website terms of use.
authorized purpose – your personal and private use, or your use to further the legitimate business purposes of your company, directly and reasonably relating to the business relationship of your or your company with hitachi.
content – the term content means all information, data, or other material, in any form or media, contained in, obtained from, or relating to the site, including all results obtained from the site.
content providers – the term content providers means both hitachi and other providers.
including, includes, include – the phrases including, includes, and include, wherever used in the agreement, means including, but not limited to.
information – the phrase "information" includes all data, information, documents, files, personally-identifying information, and software disclosed by one party to the other in connection with the site or your site use.
linked site – a "linked site" means any internet site (including all information, data, and content thereon) that is linked to the site, but not owned by hitachi or its related companies.
notice – the phrase notice refers to the sending of information by you to hitachi via certified mail, return receipt requested, to hitachi at: hitachi vantara llc, attn: 2535 augustine drive, santa clara, ca 95054. any such notice will be deemed given 48 hours after such notice is sent.
other providers – the terms "other providers" means hitachi's direct or indirect licensors, its affiliates, hitachi ltd., or other contributors to the site (other than hitachi).
parties – the term "parties" refers to hitachi and you, collectively.
revised agreement – if the agreement is modified in accordance with the section titled "modifications," for convenience in distinguishing the original agreement from the modified agreement, the modified agreement may be referred to as the "revised agreement."
site – the term "site" means any hitachi internet site, page (and all sub-pages), uniform resource locator ("url"), domain location, and all information and content thereon.
site use – the term "site use" means your use of or access to the site (or any content thereon), as well as any other activities in which you engage relating to the site, including any use of site-related services.
software – any software, including files, proprietary information, images incorporated in or generated by the software and all data accompanying the software.
virus – a virus, bug, worm, trojan horse or other harmful or disruptive element.
ada compliance notice
hitachi vantara is committed to providing an accessible online experience for all our site visitors, regardless of any disability or impairment. we are constantly striving to ensure that our website meets the needs of a wide range of internet users.
however, there could be cases where pages exclude certain accessibility groups. if this is the case, we ask that you contact us at webmaster@hitachivantara.com with any issues you find. we are always looking to improve the accessibility of our site, and your input is appreciated.
acceptable use policy
hitachi vantara llc acceptable use policy for it services
this acceptable use policy ("policy") describes the uses that are not acceptable in the use of any technology, infrastructure or networks licensed by hitachi vantara llc and its affiliated companies (collectively, "hitachi") in the supply of hosted services, cloud services or other services to you (collectively, the "it services") and therefore are prohibited. this policy forms part of, and must be read in conjunction with, your agreement with hitachi for the supply or use of the it services ("agreement"). defined terms in this policy are the same as in the agreement, except where expressly stated otherwise. hitachi may modify this policy at any time by posting a revised version on www.hitachivantara.com. if you place an order with hitachi, start to use a new it service, or otherwise continue to use an existing it service once hitachi has notified you of any policy changes, you are deemed to have agreed to the latest version of this policy. if you or your end user violates this policy, hitachi may suspend or terminate the use of your it service, without limitation to any other remedy available to hitachi with respect to such violation.
1. no network, system or service abuse
you must not use hitachi’s website(s) or any it services or any technology, infrastructure or networks used in the supply of these (collectively, "it services and technology"), in order to engage in, allow, promote or otherwise encourage illegal, irresponsible or destructive behavior, including:
unauthorised use of an internet account or use of a computer without the owner’s authorization;
unauthorised access to, or use of, data, systems and networks including any attempt to probe, scan or test the vulnerability of a system or network or to breach security or authentication measures without express authorization of the owner of the system or network;
unauthorised access to, or use of, data, systems and networks to distribute, publish, send, or facilitate any such conduct with respect to any commercial advertising, promotional materials and informational announcements, including unsolicited mass e-mail or other messages, promotions, advertising, or solicitations (like "spam");
collecting or using email addresses, mail headers, screen names or other identifiers without the explicit consent of the person identified (including, without limitation, phishing, internet scamming, password robbery, spidering, and harvesting) or use of a service to distribute software that covertly gathers information about a user or covertly transmits information about the user;
monitoring data or traffic on any network or system without the express authorization of the owner of the system or network;
interference with the supply of a service to any users of the it services or other network including, without limitation, mail bombing, flooding, deliberate attempts to overload a system and broadcast attacks or "denial of service" (dos) and any conduct that is likely to result in retaliation or network interference of this nature against hitachi or the it services and technology;
use of any false, misleading, or deceptive tcp-ip packet header information in an email or a newsgroup posting;
monitoring or crawling of a system that impairs or disrupts the system being monitored or crawled;
operating network services like open proxies, open mail relays, or open recursive domain name servers;
using manual or electronic means to avoid any use limitations placed on a system, such as access and storage restrictions; and
use of the service for distribution of advertisement delivery software unless the user has consented to such use and the software is readily removable by the user.
2. excessive network use
you must not use the it services and technology in a way that unnecessarily interferes with their normal operation, or that consumes a disproportionate share of the resources used to provide them.
3. illegal, harmful or offensive behavior
you must not use the it services and technology for any illegal, harmful or offensive use, or to transmit, store, display, distribute or otherwise make available content, or links to content, that are illegal, harmful, or offensive. prohibited activities or content include:
illegal activities. any illegal activities, including advertising, transmitting, or otherwise making available gambling sites or services or disseminating, promoting or facilitating child pornography, promoting illegal drugs, violating export control laws or relating to illegal arms trafficking.
harmful or deceptive activities. activities that may be harmful to others, our operations or reputation, including offering or disseminating fraudulent goods, services, schemes, or promotions (e.g., make-money-fast schemes, ponzi and pyramid schemes, phishing, or pharming), or engaging in other deceptive practices.
infringing content. content that infringes or misappropriates the copyright, trademark rights or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of hitachi or others.
offensive content. content that is defamatory, obscene, abusive, invasive of privacy, or otherwise objectionable, including content that constitutes pornography, relates to bestiality or depicts non-consensual sex acts and other content that may result in retaliation against hitachi by offended viewers.
harmful content. content or other computer technology that may damage, interfere with, surreptitiously intercept, or expropriate any system, program, or data, including viruses, trojan horses, worms, time bombs, or cancelbots.
live events. live streaming of pornographic material is prohibited. hitachi may prohibit you from streaming other live events where there is a special risk, in hitachi’s reasonable discretion, that the event may violate other parts of this policy.
dangerous use. use of it services and technology in any situation where failure or fault of such it services and technology could lead to death or serious bodily injury of any person, or to physical or environmental damage. for example, you must not use, or permit any other person to use, the it services and technology in connection with aircraft or other modes of human mass transportation, nuclear or chemical facilities or medical devices.
4. monitoring and enforcement
hitachi may test and otherwise monitor your compliance with this policy. hitachi reserves the right, but does not assume the obligation, to investigate any violation of this policy or misuse of the it services and technology. hitachi may:
investigate violations of this policy or misuse of the it services and technology; or
remove, disable access to, or modify any content or resource that violates this policy; and
terminate the agreement, any order or any other agreement hitachi has with you for use of the it services.
hitachi may report any activity that hitachi suspects violates any law or regulation to appropriate law enforcement officials, regulators, or other appropriate third parties. such reporting may include disclosing appropriate customer information. hitachi also may cooperate with appropriate law enforcement agencies, regulators, or other appropriate third parties to help with the investigation and prosecution of illegal conduct by providing network and systems information related to alleged violations of this policy.
you must co-operate and ensure your end users co-operate in any investigation and reporting activities that hitachi undertakes.
if you become aware of any violation of this policy independently of hitachi, you will immediately notify hitachi and provide hitachi with assistance, as requested, to stop or remedy the violation.
you agree that hitachi may quarantine or delete any data stored on a shared system if the data is infected with a virus, or is otherwise corrupted, and has the potential to infect or corrupt the system or other customers' data that is stored on the same system.
procurement terms
the procurement exhibits, shown below, are incorporated into the hitachi vantara master professional services agreement (mpsa). the mpsa is utilized for supplier relationships involving hitachi vantara’s procurement of services and goods.
exhibit b: statement of work templates
english
spanish
chinese
portuguese
exhibit c: data protection agreements
global/english
argentina
brazil
chile
colombia
mexico
exhibit d: information security requirements
global/english
portuguese
spanish (latam)
exhibit e: pre-requirement screening criteria
global/english
exhibit f: expense reimbursement policy
global/english
downloadpentaho
read ourblogs
getsupport
findtraining
find apartner
explore
enterprise storage
iot software and solutions
lumada data integration
object storage
hitachi virtual storage platform 5000 series
everflex from hitachi
learn
resource library
product documentation																product documentation
infrastructure training
pentaho & lumada training																pentaho & lumada training
frequently asked questions
blog
company
careers
leadership
press releases
awards & recognition
preference center
ethics & business conduct
modern slavery transparency statement
1 (678) 403-3035
see our locations
contact us
support
employment verification
employment verification legacy hcc
ethics hotline
© hitachi vantara llc 2022. all rights reserved.
thank you. we will contact you shortly.
note: since you opted to receive updates about solutions and news from us, you will receive an email shortly where you need to confirm your data via clicking on the link. only after positive confirmation you are registered with us.
if you are already subscribed with us you will not receive any email from us where you need to confirm your data.
explore more about us:
resources see more news now
partner locatorlet’s work together
hitachi vantara communitylet’s work together
support connectlet’s work together
to talk to a representative,				call 1.678.403.3035
corporate headquarters
hitachi vantara llc2535 augustine drive				santa clara, ca 95054
you’re in the right place!
hitachi data systems, pentaho and hitachi insight group have merged into one company: hitachi vantara.
the result? more data-driven solutions and innovation from the partner you can trust.
you’re in the right place!
rean cloud is now a part of hitachi vantara.the result? robust data-driven solutions and innovation, with industry-leading expertise in cloud migration and modernization.
you’re in the right place!
waterline data is now lumada data catalog, provided by hitachi vantara. lumada data catalog, available stand-alone, is now part of the lumada data services portfolio.
you’re in the right place!
hitachi consulting and hitachi vantara have integrated into a new company under the hitachi vantara brand. we help you connect what’s now to what’s next.
this site uses cookies from hitachi and third parties for our own business purposes and to personalize your experience. by using this site, you agree to the use of cookies. for more information, visit hitachi cookies policy.
