skip to main content
search
global
hitachi groupproducts & services
hitachi groupcorporate information
sitemap
contact information
hitachi global top
about personal information protection(privacy policy and summary)
about personal information protection
(privacy policy and summary)
enacted on april 1, 2005revised on june 23, 2021keiji kojimapresident & coohitachi, ltd.
1. background of personal information protection policy of hitachi, ltd.
hitachi, ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "hitachi") handles various information, including our technical information and information provided by customers, as a global supplier who can provide total solution. with this in mind, hitachi has strived to establish and fully enforce an information management system in order to respect the value of the said information. considering such background, hitachi will attempt to create rules and establish a management system for the personal information protection in hitachi, as well as to set a privacy policy and spread it among board members and employees. moreover, hitachi will take measures to make the privacy policy easily accessible to general public. hitachi will strive to protect personal information appropriately based on this policy.
2. hitachi personal information protection policy
establish rules for managing personal information protection and make continual improvements hitachi will make sure that executive staff and workers recognize the importance of personal information protection, and will establish rules for personal information management to appropriately use and protect personal information and ensure that the management system is put in execution. these rules will be maintained and improved continually.
hitachi will make sure that executive staff and workers recognize the importance of personal information protection, and will establish rules for personal information management to appropriately use and protect personal information and ensure that the management system is put in execution. these rules will be maintained and improved continually.
collect, use and provide personal information and forbid the use of such information for purposes other than the original intentwhile carefully considering the personal information is entrusted to us in our company activities, hitachi will handle such information appropriately by establishing a management system for personal information protection for each type of business, and also by following our rules for collecting, using or providing personal information. in addition, hitachi will not use such information for purposes other than the original intent and will implement appropriate measures for it.
while carefully considering the personal information is entrusted to us in our company activities, hitachi will handle such information appropriately by establishing a management system for personal information protection for each type of business, and also by following our rules for collecting, using or providing personal information. in addition, hitachi will not use such information for purposes other than the original intent and will implement appropriate measures for it.
implement safety measures and correct problemsto ensure the correctness and safety of personal information, in accordance with the rules for information security, hitachi will implement various measures such as managing access to personal information, restricting the means for transporting personal information outside the company and preventing incorrect access from outside the company, and strive to prevent the leakage, loss or destruction of personal information. in addition, when any problems regarding safety measures are found, hitachi will identify the cause to take corrective measures.
to ensure the correctness and safety of personal information, in accordance with the rules for information security, hitachi will implement various measures such as managing access to personal information, restricting the means for transporting personal information outside the company and preventing incorrect access from outside the company, and strive to prevent the leakage, loss or destruction of personal information. in addition, when any problems regarding safety measures are found, hitachi will identify the cause to take corrective measures.
follow laws and normshitachi will follow the japanese laws, guidelines and other norms for the handling of personal information. also, hitachi will conform our rules with personal information management to such laws, guidelines and other norms.
hitachi will follow the japanese laws, guidelines and other norms for the handling of personal information. also, hitachi will conform our rules with personal information management to such laws, guidelines and other norms.
respect a person's rights regarding his or her personal informationwhen a person makes a request to disclose, correct or delete his or her own personal information, seeks to prevent the use or provision of such information, or gives any complaints or requires consultation, hitachi will respond with sincerity, respecting the person's rights related to that personal information.
when a person makes a request to disclose, correct or delete his or her own personal information, seeks to prevent the use or provision of such information, or gives any complaints or requires consultation, hitachi will respond with sincerity, respecting the person's rights related to that personal information.
3. privacymark

hitachi is granted the use of privacymark, which is given by the japan institute for promotion of digital economy and community (jipdec) to organizations that properly handle personal information.
go to the website of the privacymark system committee, jipdec
4. scope of application
this document, "about personal information protection", establishes the handling of all personal information by hitachi in the company activities.
scope
5. activity of personal information protection
hitachi protects and manages the personal information by establishing a manager on adepartment basis with the greatest care and the best effort based on the "hitachi privacy policy".  in this document, "personal information" is the information below that can be used to identify specific persons.
information provided by person to hitachi by entering in "inquiry form" or other forms.
information provided by person to hitachi through any method other than the above.
definition of personal information and activity of its protection
6. handling policy of personal information - collection/usage purpose and provision to third party
in relation to hitachi's main business activities for electrical machinery parts, information communication machinery parts, electronic parts manufacturing and the information service, hitachi will collect and use personal information only to achieve each purpose. when hitachi requires a person to provide his/her personal information, we will clearly state the purpose of the use beforehand to obtain the consent of the person.
hitachi will not provide personal information to a third party without first obtaining the prior consent from the person, except the circumstances under certain conditions.
when required to do so for business activities in which hitachi is co-operating with hitachi group companies, hitachi may provide such group companies with personal information such as names, workplace or home addresses, telephone numbers, fax numbers, e-mail addresses, etc.
details
7. request to disclose personal information or raising complaints
when a person wants to request to disclose, correct, add, delete, stop usage, stop provision to a third party, or notify the purpose of usage of his/her personal information (hereinafter referred to as "disclose and so on") held by hitachi, or wants to raise complaints, the person is requested to follow the predefined procedures to make such request.
details
8. other important matters
implementation of safety management measures and personal information protection legal system in foreign countries.
request from the data subject  such as provision of personal information and acquisition of prior consent
special note regarding "about personal information protection"
about usage of cookies and web beacons on hitachi's websites
when the data subject contacts hitachi by telephone, the conversation may be recorded to aid accurate replies.
9. contact information
for inquiries about this document except the request to disclose and so on of personal information and the raising complaints, please contact us in the following way.the contents of this site shall be in accordance with the laws of japan.if you have an inquiry about hitachi group company outside of japan or the laws and regulations outside of japan, please access to the hitachi group's website in the respective region accordingly.
hitachi group global network
details
contact through inquiry form
page top
copyright and liability notice, etc.
terms of use
privacy policy
accessibility policy
social media account list
© hitachi, ltd. 1994, 2022. all rights reserved.
