try it now
customer support
partners
blog
get in touch
(678) 356-3500
solutionsworkforce automation for contact center teamsworkforce automation for back office teams
workforce automation for contact center teams
workforce automation for back office teams
services
customer success
resources
events
companyabout uscareersintradiem newsfaqleadershipservice culturecontact
about us
careers
intradiem news
faq
leadership
service culture
contact
privacy & protection policies
updated: october 2020
collection of information
you can visit this site on the world wide web without telling us who you are or providing us with any information. we do collect information about your computer and your visits to this website such as your ip address, geographical location, browser type, referral source, length of visit and number of page views. we use this information to continually improve the convenience and functionality of our site.
if you choose to provide us with personal information on the site, for example by registering with us, obtaining an id number, or sending us an e-mail, you are agreeing to share that information with intradiem and its subsidiaries, affiliates and business partners. we use personal, identifiable information about you to improve our marketing and promotional efforts, to statistically analyze site usage, to improve our content and to customize your experience of our site.
like many other internet sites, our site makes use of “cookie” technology to measure site activity and to customize information to your personal tastes. a “cookie” is an element of data that a web site can send to your browser, which may then store the “cookie” on your hard drive so we can recognize you when you return. so, when you come back to visit us, we can tailor information to suit your individual preferences. the goal is to save you time and provide you with a more meaningful visit. you may set your browser to notify you when you receive a “cookie,” however please note that by not accepting “cookies” from this site, you will limit the functionality we can provide during your visit to our site.
personal information related to children
we do not intend to collect personal information from children who identify themselves as being under 18 years of age. children should not provide personal information on this site, and should ask their parents to submit a request on their behalf if they want to receive information related to this site.
security
to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and to ensure the correct use of information, we have put in place appropriate physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. our secure server uses secure socket layer software (ssl) which allows us to receive information that your web browser encrypts and transmits to us. ssl encryption technology helps to prevent the unauthorized viewing and downloading of your personal information.
use of your information
we may use your information to improve your browsing experience by personalizing the website.
we may send you marketing communications which we think may be of interest to you relating to our business or our business partners. you may opt out of any of these communications by sending us an email.
we may also provide other companies with statistical information about our users – but this information will not be used to identify any individual user.
we do not intend to sell any of the information we collect to third parties.
other information collectors
except as otherwise expressly discussed in this privacy statement, this document only addresses the use and disclosure of information we collect from you. our site may include links to the web sites of our business partners, vendors and advertisers. to the extent that you disclose your information to other parties, whether they are bidders, buyers or sellers on our system or other sites through the internet, you are subject to the privacy customs and policies of that third party. we are unsure whether these third parties have privacy policies similar to ours, and therefore, intradiem cannot be responsible for the content or the privacy practices employed by any third party.
your use of this site constitutes your consent to the collection and use of this information by intradiem. if we change our privacy statement, we will update this page of the site so you will always be aware of how we use your information.
reviewing and changing your personally identifiable information
you have the right to access and correct your personal information. you can review, update, delete and change your personal information by submitting our contact form or by notifying us in writing at:
contact information
intradiem, inc.mansell two3650 mansell roadsuite 500alpharetta, ga 30022
if you have any questions, concerns or comments about this privacy statement, please contact us.


contact us
privacy policy
get my interactive demo
webhelp
© 2022 intradiem
