检测到您已登录华为云国际站账号，为了您更更好的体验，建议您访问国际站服务⽹网站 https://www.huaweicloud.com/intl/zh-cn
不再显示此消息
intl-english   international  intl-english intl-español intl-português intl-ไทย intl-简体中文    中国站  简体中文
intl-english
intl-español
intl-português
intl-ไทย
intl-简体中文
简体中文
activities
products
solutions
pricing
documentation
marketplace
partners
support
about us
contact sales
after-sales
console
my account billing & costs service tickets unread messages console partner center   register log in
my account
billing & costs
service tickets
unread messages
console
partner center
register log in
log in
register
admin   my account billing & costs service tickets unread messages console partner center   admin log out
my account
billing & costs
service tickets
unread messages
console
partner center
admin log out
legal clauses
website agreementprivacy statementacceptable use policyhuawei cloud customer agreementsite termshow huawei uses cookies
website agreement
service agreementssl certificate manager disclaimerhost security service disclaimerimage management service statementaom service disclaimerapm service agreementhuawei cloud enterprise management service agreementhuawei cloud vulnerability scan service agreementweb application firewall service disclaimermessage&sms  service  agreementdatabase security service statementdevcloud service statementeihealth service statementhuawei cloud meeting service agreementmodelarts service statement-huawei cloudcec service statement-huawei clouddata security center service statementobject storage migration service disclaimermanaged threat detection service statementhuawei dli service statementhuawei hilens service disclaimercloud connect service disclaimerhuawei mrs service statementglobal accelerator service disclaimercloud certificate manager (ccm) statement
service agreement
service level agreementhuawei cloud service level agreement
service level agreement
marketplace agreementhuawei cloud marketplace seller agreementhuawei cloud marketplace terms
marketplace agreement
hcpn agreementhuawei cloud referral rules
hcpn agreement
privacy statement                                        print
privacy statement
if you are customers from malaysia, please refer to our privacy statement in malay at https://www.huaweicloud.com/intl/en-us/declaration/sa_prp_ms.html.
huawei cloud ("huawei cloud", "we", "our" and "us") understands how important your privacy is to you and fully respects it. please carefully read this privacy statement ("statement") before you submit your personal data to us. this statement applies to https://www.huaweicloud.com/intl/en-us/ ("website"), and all products and services that contain or refer to this statement (collectively “services”). this statement does not apply to your content that we process, store or host as a processor at huawei cloud.
“your content” refers to all data (including personal data), software, device, text, images, video, audio, photographs, third-party applications, information, materials, in any format, provided or made available by you and/or your end user that is transferred to, stored in, or processed by the services. our materials, data and information do not form part of your content.
huawei cloud security

this statement describes how we collect, use and disclose your personal data, as well as our legal bases for processing, and the security measures implemented by us to protect your personal data. it also demonstrates your rights in connection with your personal data, and other related details you need to know before you provide personal data to us. we may inform you of product- or service-specific data collection which is not reflected in this statement through supplementary policies or notices provided before the relevant collection of your personal data.
by interacting with us, using our website, submitting information to us, or signing up for our services, you agree and consent to huawei cloud (including its affiliates), as well as our third-party service providers, representatives and/or agents, collecting, using, and disclosing your personal data in the manner set forth in this statement.
we have created this statement to help you understand:
1. how huawei cloud collects your personal data
2. how huawei cloud processes your personal data
3. how huawei cloud uses cookie and similar technologies
4. how huawei cloud shares your personal data
5. how huawei cloud protects your personal data
6. how long huawei cloud retains your personal data
7. how to access and control your personal data
8. how huawei cloud handles the personal data of children
9. how your personal data is transferred internationally
10. how this statement is updated
11. how to contact huawei cloud
1.how huawei cloud collects your personal data
personal data means any information (whether true or not) relating to an identified or identifiable natural person, including information that can identify an individual when taken in combination with other information to which we have or are likely to have access. we collect personal data from you in the course of your interaction with us for various purposes, such as providing you with the services and maintaining the best operation of the services. your interaction with us may include: registering an account with the website, subscribing to the services, completing payment with us, contacting us when experiencing (technical) problems, browsing our website and configuring your settings for your account.
if you provide us with any personal data relating to a third party (e.g. information of your employees and/or end users), by submitting such information to us, you represent and warrant to us that you have notified such third party of the terms of this statement, and that such third party has consented to you disclosing his/her personal data to us for the collection, use and disclosure of their personal data by us as described in this statement.
depending on your use of the services, we collect the following personal data:
a) personal data provided through huawei id (which may be collected by our affiliate administering huawei id accounts and shared with us) to register user accounts, such as mobile phone number, email address, account name as required for registration. for more information about huawei id, please refer to statement about huawei id and privacy
b) personal data provided when you manage your account information, contact us, use the services, or request support or help from us, such as contact information (full name, email and mailing address, mobile phone number), business information (company name, industry, position), means of identification (passport or other id information), payment information (such as bank account information including credit card number, expiry date and security code, invoice information, tax information), services and technical support information (such as chat sessions or phone conversations, problem description, and other information you uploaded when you contact us for seeking assistance) and your signature.
c) personal data obtained and collected automatically by us when you access and use the services, such as your browser history, access date and time, browser information (including but not limited to fonts, types), your activities on the website, hardware and software features, network link information (including but not limited ip address, port, network protocol), and other information about your use of services (such as service identification information and specifications, transaction information, billing information, o&m information).
d) personal data that we legally obtain from business partners (“partners” which join huawei cloud network) or third parties. we may receive and collect personal data about you from publicly and commercially available sources as permitted by applicable laws and regulations.
many of the services require personal data to operate. if you choose not to provide the data required, you may not be able to use those services. for example, if you do not register an account on our website by submitting your personal data, you cannot purchase the services. in other cases, where providing personal data is optional, and you choose not to submit your personal data, you may be unable to use certain features of the services, such as personalization. however, this will not affect your use of other features of the services.
2.how huawei cloud processes your personal data
we process (which includes collecting, using and disclosing) your personal data for the following purposes:
a) creating your account.
b) fulfilling our obligations under a contract with you such as fulfilling your transaction or service requests, including orders, requests for changes or providing you with the requested information (such as materials on the services, and white papers); delivering, activating, or verifying the services; providing technical support. for example, for purposes of providing you with security services, we may need your ip address.
c) contacting you, and sending you notices related to the provision of the services.
d) sending you information about the services that may interest you; inviting you to participate in huawei cloud activities (including promotional activities), market surveys, or satisfaction surveys; or sending you marketing information. if you do not want to receive such information through messages, please refer to paragraph 7(c).
e) using automated processes to tailor your services experiences based on various data, including your personal data, and providing you with personalized user experience and content on such basis.
f) improving the services through internal audits, data analysis, and research.
g) analyzing the efficiency of our business operations and evaluating market share.
h) troubleshooting when you send us error reports.
i) ensuring the security of the services and our customers or users, executing and improving our loss prevention and anti-fraud programs.
j) complying with and enforcing applicable legal or regulatory requirements, or industry standards.
k) any other purposes which we may separately notify you and obtain your consent for.
we may disclose your personal data to a third party for the following purposes:
a) the disclosure is required in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.
b) the disclosure is necessary to protect rights or property of huawei cloud, our customers and/or the public. for example, we may disclose your personal data, when we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to prevent or defend cyber threat, fraud, physical harm, or financial loss, or when it is in connection with an investigation of suspected or actual illegal activity.
please see “4. how huawei cloud shares your personal data” below for details on the third parties to whom we disclose your personal data.
we only disclose your personal data to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, in accordance with this statement, or in accordance with consent that you give us.
3.how huawei cloud uses cookie and similar technologies
to ensure our website works correctly, we may at times place cookies on your computer or mobile device. please see our cookie policy for details on the cookies and similar technologies we use and how they process your data.
4.how cloud shares your personal data
sharing means providing third parties with personal data, where such third parties would handle the personal data independently of us. we do not share your personal data with third parties without your consent, except in the following circumstances or as described in this statement:
a) third parties under your instruction. we may share your personal data with your express consent and/or in accordance with your instructions.
b) for compliance, fraud prevention and safety. we may share your personal data for compliance, fraud prevention and safety purposes.
c) affiliates.we may share your personal data with our affiliates, for purposes of transactions support, services support or security support. for example, we verify the global uniqueness of accounts before allowing them to be registered. your information will be shared only for reasonable purposes and to the extent required by the services.
d) partners.we may share your personal data with our partners or enable partners to collect information (including your personal data) directly via the services, such as your billing information and account information, for the purpose of implementing our services and/or other reasonable purposes. our partners may include:
1) third-party providers, developers, platforms and social media networks. someservices may be provided directly by third-party providers, developers or platforms. in such cases, we need to provide them with the relevant transaction information. for example, if you purchase third parties’ service via marketplace, we need to share your personal data with them to fulfil the transaction. if you have enabled features or functionality that connect the services to a third-party platform or social media network (such as by logging in to the website using your account with the third-party, providing your access token for the services to a third-party, or otherwise linking your account to a third-party’s services), we may disclose the personal data that you authorized us to share for this purpose. if you connect your account with solution partner’s account, we need to disclose the necessary information to them in order to facilitate the service. we do not control the third party’s use of your personal data.
2) service providers and professional advisors.we may share your personal data with third party companies and individuals that provide services on our behalf or help us operate the website and the services (such as supply, infrastructure, hosting, customer support, payment, analytics, delivery, marketing, and database management services). we share such data only for purposes consistent with this statement or under your authorization. for example, we need to share your order information with logistic service providers in order to arrange delivery, and we need to share your financial information with payment service providers (e.g. worldpay, learn more about worldpay privacy policy) in order to confirm and proceed with your payment instructions.  we may disclose your personal data to professional advisors, such as lawyers, bankers, auditors and insurers, where necessary in the course of the professional services that they render to us.
when we share your personal data with third parties, their responsibilities and obligations will be governed by contracts and we will require them to take appropriate measures to ensure the safety of the personal data processed.
5.how huawei cloud protects your personal data
we take the security of your personal data seriously. we take appropriate physical, organizational, and technical measures to protect your personal data. for example, we use encryption to ensure data confidentiality; we use trusted protection mechanisms to prevent malicious data attacks; we deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access your personal data; and we raise awareness among employees about the importance of protecting personal data through security and privacy protection training sessions. while we take the utmost care to protect your personal data, please note that no security measures are completely infallible. you can find more details on our security certification at huawei cloud compliance center. to this end, we take the following measures:
a) we take reasonable and feasible measures to ensure that the personal data collected is minimal and relevant to what is necessary in relation to the purposes for which they are processed.
b) we use a range of technologies such as cryptographic technologies to ensure the confidentiality of data in transmission. we implement trusted protection mechanisms to protect data and data storage servers from attacks.
c) we deploy access control mechanisms to ensure that only authorized personnel can access your personal data. in addition, we control the number of authorized personnel and implement hierarchical permission management on them based on service requirements and personnel levels.
d) we strictly select business partners and service providers and incorporate personal data protection requirements into commercial contracts, audits, and appraisal activities.
e) we hold security and privacy protection training courses, tests, and publicity activities to raise employees' personal data protection awareness.
f) although we protect your personal data, you are responsible for safekeeping your login data including account id, username and passwords.
if you find your account id is used by others without your permission, please promptly notify us. you have the right to request us to suspend any unauthorized use of your account.
in a word, huawei cloud is committed to protecting your personal data. nevertheless, no security measure is perfect and no product, service, website, data transfer, computing system, or network connection is absolutely secure.
to cope with possible risks, such as personal data leakage, damage, and loss, huawei cloud has developed several mechanisms and control measures, clearly defined the rating standards of security incidents and vulnerabilities and corresponding processing procedures. huawei cloud has established a dedicated emergency response team to implement security planning, loss reduction, analysis, locating, and remediation, and to perform tracking operations with related departments based on security incident handling regulations and requirements.
6.how long huawei cloud retains your personal data
we will retain your personal data for no longer than is necessary for the purposes set out in this statement, unless otherwise required by laws or requested by you. the data storage period may vary depending on the processing purpose and the relevant service.
we will maintain your account information as long as is necessary for us to provide the services to you or to perform our obligations or exercise our rights under agreements related to the services. you can choose to close your account. after you close your account, we will stop providing you with the services and delete your relevant personal data, provided that we are not required to continue to process certain of your personal data by law, e.g. for accounting or bookkeeping purposes or to perform our obligations, or exercise our rights under agreements related to the services.
7.how to access and control your personal data
it is your responsibility to ensure that all personal data submitted to us is correct. we are dedicated to maintaining the accuracy and completeness of your personal data and keeping your personal data up-to-date based on the information you provide to us.
according to applicable laws and regulations of some countries and/or regions, data subjects may have rights to make requests (hereinafter referred to as “requests”) of accessing, correcting, deleting or erasing the personal data retained by us.
you can easily amend and control the personal data we hold about you as follows:
a) account information: if you want to add or update personal data related to your account, please go to the website log into your account via log in>my account. for modification of information provided through huawei id, please refer to statement about huawei id and privacy.
b) cookie: regarding the management of cookie, please see our cookie policy.
c) messages: please go to the website and log into your account’ mailbox via log in>my account button> unread messages. you set your preferences in the upper right corner of your mailbox via >message receive management.
you may have the following rights regarding your personal data under applicable laws:
a) right to access the personal data we hold about you and obtain copies thereof;
b) right to request us to update or correct your personal data;
c) right to request us to erase your personal data;
d) right to object to our processing of your personal data;
e) right to restrict our processing of your personal data;
f) right to obtain your personal data and have us transfer it to a third party of your choice (data portability); and
g) right to lodge a complaint with the competent data protection authority.
please note that these rights are not absolute and may be restricted in accordance with applicable laws. if you need our assistance to exercise the rights above, please contact us as set out in “11. how to contact huawei cloud” below.
generally, we will respond to you within 30 days, unless otherwise required by applicable laws. depending on the complexity of your requests, we may extend the period by a further two months. in this case, we will inform you of the extension and its reasons within 30 days of receiving your request. please note that under some circumstances, for example where we cannot verify your identity, where we are prohibited by law from giving effect to your request, or your request exceeds your rights under applicable laws, we may refuse your request. in this case, we will inform you in writing that your request is refused together with the reasons for our refusal.
you can change the authorized personal data collection scope or withdraw your consent, without affecting the lawfulness of the processing activities based on the consent and prior to such withdrawal. your right to withdraw consent can be exercised by setting privacy options on your huawei cloud account, disabling related services, or deleting your account. you may also seek help by contacting us as set out under “11. how to contact huawei cloud”.
you can delete your account in the account-related services. after you delete your account, we will stop providing services, and delete your personal data unless otherwise stipulated by law. your account cannot be restored after deletion. you need to register a new account if you want to use related services again.
8.how huawei cloud handles personal data of children
our services are only intended for adults. minors are not allowed to create their own user account.
9.how your personal data is transferred internationally
in order to provide the services to you, we may store your personal data in countries/regions where huawei cloud, huawei cloud’s affiliate companies, or huawei cloud’s service providers or subcontractors are located. this means your personal data may be transferred to countries or regions outside the places where you are located or where we collect your personal data, and be accessed and stored in those jurisdictions.
these jurisdictions may have different data protection laws, which may impose less stringent data protection requirements. in such cases, we will ensure the transfer is in accordance with applicable laws and regulations (including by ensuring that overseas recipients are subject to confidentiality and data protection obligations where appropriate), as well as this statement.
10.how this statement is updated
we may update or modify this statement from time to time according to changes in our services or data processing. if we update this statement, we will publish the latest version of the statement on the website, and it will take effect immediately upon its release. you are advised to review this statement periodically for any changes.
11.how to contact huawei cloud
we have set up a dedicated personal data protection department (or data protection officer). if you have any questions, comments, or suggestions, please contact us or submitting them to our global offices. if you want to exercise your privacy rights, or wish to raise or consult us on any privacy issues please visit our data subject right portal: https://www.huaweicloud.com/intl/en-us/personal-data-request.html. you can also contact us by email [dpo.sg@huawei.com]. you can also raise a concern or lodge a complaint with a data protection authority or other official with jurisdiction.
note: due to differences in local laws and languages, the local versions of this privacy statement may be different from this version. in the case of any conflicts, the local versions shall prevail.

last updated: may 25th, 2022

you can see what is updated in huawei cloud privacy statement history version.
site terms
privacy statement
twitter
twitter
youtube
youtube
linkedin
linkedin
site terms
privacy statement
