retail
partners
careers
about
blog
log in
home
retail
partners
careers
about
blog
log in
privacy policy
the big picture
ignite prism, inc. (“ignite prism”, “our”, “us” or “we”) provides this privacy policy to inform you (“customer”, “you”, or “your”) of our policies and procedures regarding the collection, use and disclosure of various data that is exchanged between our customers and ignite prism as part of the services we provide you via www.igniteprism.com (the “site”) (collectively such services, software, and site are referred to herein as the “services”).
the following types of data are necessary to be exchanged and we want you to be perfectly clear on how we treat and handle this data.
– you provide us data about you, some of which is identifying (“personal information”) and some of which is non-identifying (“non-identifying information”) when you set up your account with ignite prism so that you can access and get optimized services.
– you provide us data (“customer provided data”) as input to the services, such as video images. ignite prism has to be able to use that data to provide our services to you. ignite prism generates new data from the customer provided data, which is also owned by you (“customer data”). ignite prism has to be able to access that data in order to store, deliver and display it back to you as part of our services.
– when you access the site, we create data about the interactions you have with our site (“log data”).
our services
our services are made available pursuant to the ignite prism terms ofservice, accessible at www.igniteprism.com, and provide for the accessand processing of customer-provided data, and the generation andstorage of, and access to customer data, more fully described onthe site, as such description may be revised from time to time.this privacy policy applies only to the data that you provide tous through the services and the resulting images and datacreated and stored by the services.
as used in this policy, the terms “using” and “processing”information include using cookies on a computer, subjecting theinformation to statistical or other analysis and using orhandling information in any way, including, but not limited to,collecting, storing, evaluating, modifying, deleting, using,combining, disclosing and transferring information within ourorganization or among our affiliates within the united states orinternationally.
updates to this policy
this privacy policy may be updated from time to time. we willnotify you of any material changes by posting the new privacypolicy on the site. you are advised to consult this policyregularly for any changes. unless otherwise defined in thisprivacy policy, terms used in this privacy policy have the samemeanings as in our ignite prism terms of service, accessible atwww.igniteprism.com/terms.
information collection and use
our primary goals in collecting information are to provide andimprove the services, to administer your use thereof and toenable users to effectively and easily use the services.
personally identifiable information
– you are required to create an account with us in order touse the services (“ignite prism account”)
– you will be asked to provide us with personally identifiableinformation such as your email address in order to create suchan ignite prism account. any information about you that can be used tocontact or identify you is considered to be “personalinformation”.
– personal information includes, but is not limited to, yourname, credit card or other billing information, email addressand postal address. we use your personal information toprovide our services and administer your inquiries. if youhave authorized a third party to create your ignite prism accountwith us on your behalf, such third party will provide us withpersonal information about you.
– in order to use our services, you will provide us withaccess to your customer-provided data for ignite prism to generatethe customer data, which will then be stored by the servicesand accessible via your ignite prism account with the services
– we may also use your personal information to contact youwith ignite prism newsletters, marketing or promotional materials andother information that may be of interest to you. if youdecide at any time that you no longer wish to receive suchcommunications from us, please follow the unsubscribeinstructions provided in any of the communications. (see“changing or deleting information,” below.)
non-identifying information
– we also collect other information that you provide inconnection with your use of the services (e.g., withoutlimitation, zip code (on its own), machine os, softwareversion, architecture, cpu type, memory, network connectionspeed, and, if you choose to do so, the ip address of local ipcameras and images from those cameras which are installed atlocations from which you run or operate your business). thisis considered “non-identifying information”.
– we use your personal information in some cases, inconjunction with your non-identifying information mainly toprovide the services and administer your inquiries.
– certain non-identifying information would be considered apart of your personal information if it were combined withother identifiers (for example, combining your zip code withyour street address) in a way that enables you to beidentified. but the same pieces of information are considerednon-identifying information when they are taken alone orcombined only with other non-identifying information. we maycombine your personal information with non-identifyinginformation and aggregate it with information collected fromother ignite prism users (defined below) to attempt to provide youwith a better experience, to improve the quality and value ofthe services and to analyze and understand how our servicesare used. we may also use the combined information withoutaggregating it to serve you specifically, for instance todeliver a product to you according to your preferences orrestrictions.
log data
– when you visit the site in any way (as a “ignite prism user”), ourservers automatically record information that your browsersends whenever you visit a website (“log data”). this log datamay include information such as your computer’s internetprotocol (“ip”) address, browser type, pages of our site thatyou visit, the time spent on those pages, and otherstatistics.
– we use this information to monitor and analyze use of thesite and the services and for the site’s technicaladministration, to increase our site’s functionality anduser-friendliness, and to better tailor it to our visitors’needs. we also use this information to verify that visitors tothe site meet the criteria required to process their requests.
– we do not treat log data as personal information or use itin association with other personal information, though we mayaggregate, analyze and evaluate such information for the samepurposes as stated above regarding other non-identifyinginformation.
other information
– cookies. like many websites, we use “cookies” to collectinformation. a cookie is a small data file that we transfer toyour computer’s hard disk for record-keeping purposes. we usecookies for two purposes. first, we utilize persistent cookiesto save your registration id and login password for futurelogins to the site. second, we utilize session id cookies toenable certain features of the site, to better understand howyou interact with the site and to monitor aggregate usage byignite prism users and web traffic routing on the site. unlikepersistent cookies, session cookies are deleted from yourcomputer when you log off from the site and services and thenclose your browser. you can instruct your browser, by changingits options, to stop accepting cookies or to prompt you beforeaccepting a cookie from the websites you visit. if you do notaccept cookies, however, you may not be able to use allportions of the site or all functionality of the services.
– phishing. identity theft and the practice currently known as“phishing” are of great concern to ignite prism. safeguardinginformation to help protect you from identity theft is a toppriority. we do not and will not, at any time, request yourcredit card information or national identification numbers ina non-secure or unsolicited e-mail or telephone communication.for more information about phishing, visit the federal tradecommission’s website.
information sharing and disclosure
aggregate information and non-identifyinginformation. we may share aggregated information thatdoes not include personal information and we may otherwisedisclose non-identifying information and log data with thirdparties for industry analysis, demographic profiling and otherpurposes. any aggregated information shared in these contextswill not contain your personal information.
service providers. we may employthird party companies and individuals to facilitate ourservices, to provide the services on our behalf, to sell theservices bundled with other products or services, to performsite-related services (e.g., without limitation, maintenanceservices, database management, web analytics and improvement ofthe site’s features) or to assist us in analyzing how our siteand services are used. these third parties have access to yourpersonal information only as authorized by you and to performthese tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose oruse it for any other purpose.
customer data. if you authorize athird party to create and manage your ignite prism account then suchthird parties will have access to the personal information andother information contained in your ignite prism account, includingcustomer data therein. you may disable such third party’s accessto your ignite prism account at any time by using the applicablefunctionality available to you via your ignite prism account.
similarly, ignite prism will not access your customer data unlessspecifically authorized by you. at any time you may wish toauthorize access to assist in system training, troubleshooting,or other instances that you deem appropriate, and thatauthorization can be provided and suspended by you at any time.
compliance with laws and law enforcement.ignite prism cooperates with government and law enforcement officialsand private parties to enforce and comply with the law. we willdisclose any information about you to government or lawenforcement officials or private parties as we, in our solediscretion, believe necessary or appropriate to respond toclaims and legal process (including, but not limited tosubpoenas), to protect the property and rights of ignite prism or athird party, to protect the safety of the public or any person,or to prevent or stop activity we may consider to be, or to posea risk of being, illegal, unethical or legally actionableactivity.
business transfers. ignite prism may sell,transfer or otherwise share some or all of its assets, includingyour personal information, in connection with a merger,acquisition, reorganization or sale of assets or in the event ofbankruptcy.
your rights
you also have rights over how your personal information is usedincluding:
– the right to object to our processing of your data.
– the right to request that your information be erased orrestricted from further use.
– the right to request a copy of the information we hold aboutyou.
– the right to correct, amend or update information you havegiven us (where you have an account with us you can also dothis by logging in and updating your information).
– the right to contest any automated decision we make aboutyou. an automated decision is a decision taken without anyhuman intervention which has legal consequences (e.g. creditchecking). we don’t typically carry out automated decisionmaking but, if we do, we will make it clear where suchdecisions are being made.
to exercise any of the above rights please emailto admin@igniteprism.com .please note that whilst we will carefully assess every requestwe receive, your rights may differ according to your place ofresidence and we may not always have to comply. when thishappens, we will explain why.if you are unsure about your rights or are concerned about howyour personal data may be processed you should contact yournational data protection regulator.
changing or deleting your information
you may review, update, correct or delete your personalinformation by contacting us at admin@igniteprism.com. if youwould like us to delete your ignite prism account in our system, pleasecontact us at admin@igniteprism.com witha request that we delete your personal information and customerdata from our database. we will use commercially reasonableefforts to honor your request. we may retain an archived copy ofyour records as required by law or for legitimate businesspurposes.
security
ignite prism is very concerned with safeguarding your information. thesecurity of your personal information is important to us. butremember that no method of transmission over the internet, ormethod of electronic storage, is 100% secure. when you provideus with sensitive information (such as a credit card number), weencrypt that information using secure socket layer technology(ssl). in some cases, we also encrypt sensitive informationwhere it is stored on our systems. for example, all imagerywithin the customer data stored by ignite prism is protected by aes-256encryption, and all transmitted data and website interaction isencrypted using ssl.
we will make any legally required disclosures of any breach ofthe security, confidentiality, or integrity of your unencryptedelectronically stored “personal data” (as defined in applicablestate statutes on security breach notification) to you via emailor conspicuous posting on this site in the most expedient timepossible and without unreasonable delay, insofar as consistentwith (i) the legitimate needs of law enforcement or (ii) anymeasures necessary to determine the scope of the breach andrestore the reasonable integrity of the data system.
international transfer
your information may be transferred to — and maintained on —computers located outside of your state, province, country orother governmental jurisdiction where the privacy laws may notbe as protective as those in your jurisdiction. if you arelocated outside the united states and choose to provideinformation to us, ignite prism transfers personal information,customer-provided data and customer data to the united statesand processes it there. your consent to this privacy policyfollowed by your submission of such information represents youragreement to that transfer.
links to other sites
our site contains links to other websites. if you choose toclick on a third party link, you will be directed to that thirdparty’s website. the fact that we link to a website is not anendorsement, authorization or representation of our affiliationwith that third party, nor is it an endorsement of their privacyor information security policies or practices. we do notexercise control over third party websites. these other websitesmay place their own cookies or other files on your computer,collect data or solicit personal information from you. othersites follow different rules regarding the use or disclosure ofthe personal information you submit to them. we encourage you toread the privacy policies or statements of the other websitesyou visit.
third party applications used by ignite prism
our policy toward children
this site and services are not directed to persons under 18. wedo not knowingly collect personally identifiable informationfrom children under 13. if a parent or guardian becomes awarethat his or her child has provided us with personal informationwithout their consent, he or she should contact us at admin@igniteprism.com. if webecome aware that a child under 13 has provided us with personalinformation, we will delete such information from our files.
contacting us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, pleasecontact us at admin@igniteprism.com orat:261 n hwy 101, suite 1110, solana beach, ca 92075.
retail
partners
careers
about
blog
terms
privacy
© 2022 ignite prism inc.
get started in minutes
use the cameras you already have
become an ignite prism partner
revolutionizing the world of video together
send us a note!
fields with * are required.
thanks for reaching out!
we'll be in contact with you shortly.
