cloud manufacturingcloud collaborationdemandscapacitiessolutionsindustrial cloud solutionsmart factory solutionintelligent logistics systemintelligent rack assembly lineindustrial big data solutioniiot solution developer toolsiot application platformapplication lifecycle managementmicroservice frameworkapi centermy sqlpostgresqlmessage servicecache service (redis)cache service (memcache)
cloud collaborationdemandscapacities
solutionsindustrial cloud solutionsmart factory solutionintelligent logistics systemintelligent rack assembly lineindustrial big data solutioniiot solution
developer toolsiot application platformapplication lifecycle managementmicroservice frameworkapi centermy sqlpostgresqlmessage servicecache service (redis)cache service (memcache)
cloud appsfor enterprisecloud simulationfor industryfor productioncrpcmescpdm
for enterprisecloud simulation
for industry
for productioncrpcmescpdm
cloud enterprisecloud business studioenterprise storecloud application studioenterprise brainenterprise cockpit
cloud business studio
enterprise store
cloud application studio
enterprise brain
enterprise cockpit
mallproduct centersoftwarerequest for quoatation
product center
software
request for quoatation
servicethink tankcloud detectioncloud factory
think tank
cloud detection
cloud factory
partners
press
supportcustomer servicehelp centersign up/sign inenterprise managementcloud collaborationcustomized storecrpcpdmcmes
customer service
help center
sign up/sign in
enterprise management
cloud collaboration
customized store
crp
cpdm
cmes

join free
privacy policy
1. privacy protection1.1 indics respects your privacy. indics recognizes the need for appropriate protections and management of your personal information that you provide indics and indics obtains from your use of our services.1.2 indics may collect information that you provide indics and indics  obtains from your use of our service, such as the name, telephone number, address, location information, email address, user ids and passwords, transaction information, which pages you visit, what content you view and how often you come to our sites. personal information collected online may be supplemented with information you provide indics through cookies, tracking and spot tags.1.3 indics uses your information to provide services to you, to communicate with you, to help you complete a transaction, to improve performance of our services and the overall visitor experience. if you do not provide your personal information to indics, indics may be unable to complete these functions. indics will also pass on your information to a third partiesparties, such as a partner, if you have asked us to do so.1.4 indics may share personal information with third parties, such as service providers and/or suppliers, to the extent needed to respond to requests for information on products and/or services or deliver the service or support the customers' business needs. third parties receiving personal information is expected to apply privacy protection and only uses it for originally intended.1.5 indics shall not disclosure your personal information to others. without your permission, indics will not share personally identifiable information with other third parties, except in the following cases: 1) releasing authorized by yourself;2)  needed to share your information with others in order to be able to provide the products or services you requested;3)  according to the mandatory provisions of the relevant laws and regulations;4)  according to the relevant law enforcement agencies;5)  using within the group of affiliated our companies;6)  in the event of an emergency, to protect the safety of indics or tits users or the public.1.6 if you need to have a correction made to personal information that you have provided to indics, please contact with kf@casicloud.cn . indics may verify your identity before correcting your personal information1.7 if you wish to cancel your indics account, please contact with kf@casicloud.cn . indics will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with indics’s legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce this agreement.1.8 to maximize the protection of your personal information and privacy, indics employs industry-standard controls including physical access controls, internet firewalls, encryption, intrusion detection, and network monitoring. you acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding the foregoing, your personal information and privacy may be illegally exploited by others to take technical disruptions.1.9 indics uses cookies on some of its web sites. information collected by cookies may be tagged to your personal information, including your contact information, device information or other personal information which you provide indics. you can elect not to accept cookies, and you may also set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie. however, not using cookies may prevent you from using certain functions of our services.1.10 indics collects and/or logs the website visitor’s location, internet protocol addresses, internet domain names, the web browser and operating system, the time and date of each visit, the files visited and the time spent in each file. indics collects this information through the use of log files and web beacons.1.11 the personal data that may be accessed due to indics’s role as a cloud services and infrastructure-as-a-service provider is not governed by this agreement.1.12 if you have any questions regarding this agreement or believe that the privacy of your personal information has not been respected, you may submit a complaint in writing to kf@casicloud.cn.1.13 indics may change or update this agreement at all times and notify you the changes on the indics platform, since the release the entry into force. if indics makes big changes to this privacy terms, indics will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of change or by directly sending you a notification.
1. privacy protection
1.1 indics respects your privacy. indics recognizes the need for appropriate protections and management of your personal information that you provide indics and indics obtains from your use of our services.
1.2 indics may collect information that you provide indics and indics  obtains from your use of our service, such as the name, telephone number, address, location information, email address, user ids and passwords, transaction information, which pages you visit, what content you view and how often you come to our sites. personal information collected online may be supplemented with information you provide indics through cookies, tracking and spot tags.
1.3 indics uses your information to provide services to you, to communicate with you, to help you complete a transaction, to improve performance of our services and the overall visitor experience. if you do not provide your personal information to indics, indics may be unable to complete these functions. indics will also pass on your information to a third partiesparties, such as a partner, if you have asked us to do so.
1.4 indics may share personal information with third parties, such as service providers and/or suppliers, to the extent needed to respond to requests for information on products and/or services or deliver the service or support the customers' business needs. third parties receiving personal information is expected to apply privacy protection and only uses it for originally intended.
1.5 indics shall not disclosure your personal information to others. without your permission, indics will not share personally identifiable information with other third parties, except in the following cases:
1) releasing authorized by yourself;
2)  needed to share your information with others in order to be able to provide the products or services you requested;
3)  according to the mandatory provisions of the relevant laws and regulations;
4)  according to the relevant law enforcement agencies;
5)  using within the group of affiliated our companies;
6)  in the event of an emergency, to protect the safety of indics or tits users or the public.
1.6 if you need to have a correction made to personal information that you have provided to indics, please contact with kf@casicloud.cn . indics may verify your identity before correcting your personal information
1.7 if you wish to cancel your indics account, please contact with kf@casicloud.cn . indics will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with indics’s legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce this agreement.
1.8 to maximize the protection of your personal information and privacy, indics employs industry-standard controls including physical access controls, internet firewalls, encryption, intrusion detection, and network monitoring. you acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding the foregoing, your personal information and privacy may be illegally exploited by others to take technical disruptions.
1.9 indics uses cookies on some of its web sites. information collected by cookies may be tagged to your personal information, including your contact information, device information or other personal information which you provide indics. you can elect not to accept cookies, and you may also set your browser to notify you when you are sent a cookie. however, not using cookies may prevent you from using certain functions of our services.
1.10 indics collects and/or logs the website visitor’s location, internet protocol addresses, internet domain names, the web browser and operating system, the time and date of each visit, the files visited and the time spent in each file. indics collects this information through the use of log files and web beacons.
1.11 the personal data that may be accessed due to indics’s role as a cloud services and infrastructure-as-a-service provider is not governed by this agreement.
1.12 if you have any questions regarding this agreement or believe that the privacy of your personal information has not been respected, you may submit a complaint in writing to kf@casicloud.cn.
1.13 indics may change or update this agreement at all times and notify you the changes on the indics platform, since the release the entry into force. if indics makes big changes to this privacy terms, indics will notify you either by prominently posting a notice of change or by directly sending you a notification.
quick links
cloud manufacturingcloud collaborationdemandscapacities
cloud collaboration
demands
capacities
mall
industrial parks
support
customer service
helpsign up/sign inenterprise managementcloud collaborationcrpcpdmcmes
sign up/sign in
enterprise management
cloud collaboration
crp
cpdm
cmes
announcement
about us
indics platform
who are you
what we do
how we can help
contact us
fax: +49 (0) 69 770699 366
e-mail: info@indics.de
adresse: alfred-herrhausen-allee 3-5,
65760 eschborn, deutschland
we recommend using 1200*768 and above to have better experience.chrome and firefox web browsers are preferred.
copyright@2018,all rights reserved              imprint              data_privacy              terms_conditions
