my account
|
login
membershipjoinmy membershiprenewabout iiseoverviewaffiliated organizationsannual/audit reportawardsboard of trusteesbylawsconstitutioncorporate & university partnershipsdiversity + inclusionethicshistoryiise internationalpress roomstrategic planvolunteer opportunitieswhat ises dodonate to iiseplanned givingmember perksupdating your contact info
join
my membership
renew
about iiseoverviewaffiliated organizationsannual/audit reportawardsboard of trusteesbylawsconstitutioncorporate & university partnershipsdiversity + inclusionethicshistoryiise internationalpress roomstrategic planvolunteer opportunitieswhat ises do
overview
affiliated organizations
annual/audit report
awards
board of trustees
bylaws
constitution
corporate & university partnerships
diversity + inclusion
ethics
history
iise international
press room
strategic plan
volunteer opportunities
what ises do
donate to iise
planned giving
member perks
updating your contact info
communitiescommunities homeacademicsawards & scholarshipsbrandingchapters & regionsiise leadershipget involvedboard of trusteeschapterscouncil of fellowscisecieadhindustry advisory boardinternational operations boardnorth american operations boardpast presidentstechnical operations boardvolunteer toolsmember directorysocial networksconnect with iiseinstagramfacebooklinkedintwitteriise connectsocieties & divisionssocieties & divisions homemanagement centerapplied ergonomics societyconstruction divisiondata analytics & information systemsenergy systemsengineering economyengineering managementhealth systemslogistics & supply chainmanufacturing & designmodeling & simulationoperational excellenceoperations researchprocess industriesquality control & reliabilitysustainable developmentwork systemsstudentsvolunteer toolsyoung professionals
communities home
academics
awards & scholarships
branding
chapters & regions
iise leadershipget involvedboard of trusteeschapterscouncil of fellowscisecieadhindustry advisory boardinternational operations boardnorth american operations boardpast presidentstechnical operations boardvolunteer tools
get involved
board of trustees
chapters
council of fellows
cise
cieadh
industry advisory board
international operations board
north american operations board
past presidents
technical operations board
volunteer tools
member directory
social networksconnect with iiseinstagramfacebooklinkedintwitteriise connect
connect with iise
instagram
facebook
linkedin
twitter
iise connect
societies & divisionssocieties & divisions homemanagement centerapplied ergonomics societyconstruction divisiondata analytics & information systemsenergy systemsengineering economyengineering managementhealth systemslogistics & supply chainmanufacturing & designmodeling & simulationoperational excellenceoperations researchprocess industriesquality control & reliabilitysustainable developmentwork systems
societies & divisions home
management center
applied ergonomics society
construction division
data analytics & information systems
energy systems
engineering economy
engineering management
health systems
logistics & supply chain
manufacturing & design
modeling & simulation
operational excellence
operations research
process industries
quality control & reliability
sustainable development
work systems
students
volunteer tools
young professionals
trainingiise training centeriise-ul trainingcorporate trainingmy online on-demand courseswebinarsperformance excellence webinars
iise training center
iise-ul training
corporate training
my online on-demand courses
webinarsperformance excellence webinars
performance excellence webinars
conferencesconferences homeannualapplied ergonomicslean six sigma & data sciencehealthcare systems process improvementuniversity regional conferences
conferences home
annual
applied ergonomics
lean six sigma & data science
healthcare systems process improvement
university regional conferences
publicationspublications homeadvertiseblogsconference archivesethics policynewsletter subscriptionsise body of knowledgesystems engineering bokterminologywebinarsperformance excellence webinars
publications home
advertise
blogs
conference archives
ethics policy
newsletter subscriptions
ise body of knowledge
systems engineering bok
terminology
webinarsperformance excellence webinars
performance excellence webinars
career centercareer center homeadvertise a job (print)advertise a job (online)find a jobpost your resumementoring boardwhat ises do
career center home
advertise a job (print)
advertise a job (online)
find a job
post your resume
mentoring board
what ises do
advertise
institute of industrial and systems engineers’ privacy policy
last updated: april 15, 2020
introduction
institute of industrial and systems engineers, inc. (“us” or “we” or “our”) owns, operates and provides the https://www.iise.org website and domain including, without limitation, all related webpages, applications, subdomains, subparts, and content of such website and domain (collectively, this “site”) and the services made available through this site (collectively, the “services”). we have prepared this privacy policy (this “policy”) for each of the users of this site (“you” or “your”) to explain how we will handle the information and data that you provide to us or that we collect in connection with the services and this site. by using this site and/or the services, you consent to our rights under this policy.
personal information & non-personal information defined
we may collect, use, or process your non-personal information and your personal information in connection with our performance of the services and your access of this site. “non-personal information” is information or data that cannot be used to identify or contact you. “personal information” is information or data that can be used to identify or contact you.
collection & use of non-personal information
we may collect, use, process, transfer, and disclose non-personal information for any purpose without restrictions.
collection & use of personal information
should you elect to use the services, then the personal information that we will normally collect, use, or process will consist of your name, birth date, gender, mailing address, email address, phone number, fax number, organization name, title, payment information (i.e. credit card number, credit card expiration date, cvv number, etc.), and additional data and information needed to perform and pay for the services. by using the services, you consent to our collection, use, and processing of your personal information in accordance with this policy. you may update most of your personal information through this site by going to “updating your contact info” under the membership tab in this site.
we may use the personal information for promotion, marketing, advertising, and/or provision of the services. we will not use the personal information in a manner that is inconsistent with our promotion, marketing, advertising, and/or provision of the services unless you have consented to such use, or unless we are otherwise required to use such personal information in such manner by legal process, law, and/or government authorities. we will not sell, rent or lease your personal information to others without your consent.
we may share personal information with our business partners and with other service providers in order to support our business operations, for promotional purposes, for marketing and/or advertising purposes, and/or to perform the services. these business partners and service providers may include software manufacturers, developers, distributors, resellers, marketing companies, third party analytics vendors, payment processors, financial institutions, materials production and shipping companies, postal or government authorities, information technology service providers, subcontractors, vendors, and potential investors/acquirers of us and/or our assets. these business partners and service providers may be located inside or outside of the united states.
we will use commercially reasonable efforts to implement safeguards to help us protect personal information from unauthorized access, use and disclosure. it is vitally important that you protect your own username and password from disclosure. in addition, it is your responsibility to carefully consider what information you make available through your use of the services and this site. even with any security measures we do have in place, the nature of the internet and its methods of data transmission means that we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of personal information or any other information or data.
we are located in the united states. if you are a resident of any country outside the united states, you understand and agree that we collect, use, process, and transfer your personal information on computers located in the united states, and that by providing any information to us, you consent to the transfer of such information to the united states.
your access to personal information
we will provide you with access to your personal information for any purpose, including to request that we correct your personal information if it is inaccurate, or to delete your personal information if we are not otherwise required to retain such personal information to perform the services, for legitimate business purposes, and/or to comply with applicable laws. we may decline to process requests to access, correct, or delete your personal information that are frivolous/vexatious, jeopardize the privacy of others, are extremely impractical, or for which access, correction, or deletion is not otherwise required by applicable laws. we may also decline aspects of access, correction, and/or deletion requests if we believe doing so would undermine our legitimate use of such personal information for anti-fraud and security purposes.
the california consumer privacy act provides california consumers with the right to obtain from us information about you that we collect, use, and disclose. you can exercise your rights yourself or through an authorized agent by contacting us through conventional mail at the following address: iise, attn: california privacy rights, 3577 parkway lane, suite 200, norcross, ga 30092. if you choose to exercise such rights, you have the right to not to receive discriminatory treatment or a lesser degree of service from us. you also have the right to opt-out of the sale of your personal information. we do not sell your personal information.
for european residents only. you have the right to ask us not to process your personal data for marketing purposes. you can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your personal data. you can also exercise the right by contacting iise customer service at cs@iise.org. under european data protection law, in certain circumstances, you have the right to:
request access to your personal data. you may have the right to request access to any personal data we hold about you as well as related information, including the purposes for processing the personal data, the recipients or categories of recipients with whom the personal data has been shared, where possible, the period for which the personal data will be stored, the source of the personal data, and the existence of any automated decision-making.
request correction of your personal data. you may have the right to obtain without undue delay the rectification of any inaccurate personal data we hold about you.
request erasure of your personal data. you may have the right to request that personal data held about you is deleted.
object to the processing of your personal data. you may have the right to prevent or restrict processing of your personal data.
request restriction of the processing of your personal data and request the transfer of your personal data. you may have the right to request the transfer of your personal data directly to a third party where this is technically feasible.
withdraw your consent.
in addition, where you believe that iise has not complied with its obligations under this notice or european law, you have the right to make a complaint to an eu data protection authority, such as the uk information commissioner’s office. you can exercise any of these rights by contacting iise customer service at cs@iise.org.
cookies & similar technologies
by using this site and/or the services, you consent to our use of cookies and similar technologies. these technologies generally allow this site and the services to store relevant information in your browser or device and later read that information in order to identify you to our servers or internal systems. we treat all such information as non-personal information. we also use these technologies to track your browsing and buying activities with respect to the services so that we can evaluate the success of our marketing and advertising. you are always free to block, delete, or disable these technologies if your browser, installed application, or device so permits, but if you do so, you may not be able to take advantage of certain site features and/or the services. for more information on how you can block, delete, or disable these technologies, please review your browser or device settings. california law requires us to let you know how we respond to web browser do not track (“dnt”) signals. we do not currently respond to dnt signals.
children’s privacy
this site is not directed to children. we do not knowingly collect information from or about children under the age of 13. if you are not 13 years or older, do not use this site. if we learn that information from or about children under the age of 13 has been collected through this site, we will take the appropriate steps to delete such information. if you are a parent or guardian and discover that your child or a minor under the age of 13 has posted, submitted or otherwise communicated information to or through this site, then you may alert us so that we may take appropriate action to remove such information.
links to third-party sites and services
this site may contain links to third-party websites, applications and services. such links are provided as a convenience to you, but they do not imply any endorsement by us, and we expressly disclaim all liability and responsibility for all the activities, content, and/or policies of such websites, applications, and services. we encourage you to review the terms of use and privacy policies for such websites, applications, and services before you use them, as such use shall be solely at your own risk. this policy does not apply to such websites, applications, and services.
policy changes
we reserve the right to make corrections, changes or amendments to this policy at any time by posting the revised policy on this site. your continued use of our services and/or your access of this site shall mean that you have consented to this policy, as updated.
questions
if you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at cs@iise.org.

connect with iise
facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
youtube
iise connect
what do you want to do?
join iise
renew my membership
iise covid-19 resource & response
find a job | post a job
advertise | exhibit
contact iise
links
about iise
membership
communities & groups
conferences
training
publications & content


career center
awards & scholarships
webinars
applied ergonomics society (aes)
sems
society for health systems
terms of use
privacy policy
diversity + inclusion
