


products
solutions
pricing
support
about
popular searchesmethodologiesindustry profilescompany eventswhite papers
popular searches
methodologies
industry profiles
company events
white papers

login

about
news room
customers
events
awards
get in touch
inflectra corporation - privacy policy
inflectra respects the privacy of its visitors and customers and understands the                importance of privacy to visitors to our website. we collect and store information                so that we can efficiently provide information to our users and process your requests                for additional information and materials. this privacy statement is designed to                help you understand what information we gather and what we do with the information.
your information. personal identifying information, such as your                    name, street or e-mail address, phone number or any other information which, when                    used by itself or with other data, might identify a you or your company is only                    collected if you send it to us voluntarily, as part of using our service, or provide                    such information in connection with a request for information. we may also use this                    information to send you notices regarding inflectra products and services and to                    further personalize your experience on our website. personal identifying information                    is used only for our legitimate business interests, including the aforementioned                    notices, to supply requested information, to answer your questions, and to comply                    with applicable laws and regulations.
disclosure. by giving inflectra your personal identifying information,                    you grant inflectra the right to use this information for reasonable business purposes                    and in a manner consistent with the policies of inflectra and applicable state and                    federal laws and regulations. we do not sell, rent or disclose your personal identifying                    information to any third party, except as described in this section. we may contract                    with reputable vendors to assist us in processing information or delivering the                    items that you may request. these vendors are restricted from using or selling the                    information for any purpose other than helping us to provide the materials and requested                    services. we may provide aggregate statistics about our customers, online traffic                    patterns and related information to reputable third parties, but these statistics                    will not include any personally identifying information. finally, if disclosure                    of any information is required by law or by an appropriate government authority,                    we will comply accordingly.
cookies. as part of offering and                    improving our services, we may use “cookies" to store and sometimes track information                    about our online customers and users. a cookie is a small amount of data that is                    sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive.                    cookies can make use of the web easier by saving status and preferences about a                    website. some parts of our website, where you are prompted to log-in or that are                    customizable, may require that you accept cookies. cookies by themselves cannot                    be used to find out the identity of any user. most browsers are initially set to                    accept cookies but users can change the setting to refuse cookies or to be alerted                    when cookies are being sent. by using this website with cookies enabled in your browser                        you are providing implied consent to their use by this website.                    for more details on the list of cookies used by this website, please refer to our                    cookie list.
remarketing. as part of inflectra's advertising campaign, third                    party vendors, including google, show your ads on sites on the internet. third party                    vendors, including google, use cookies to serve ads based on a user's prior visits                    to your website. users may opt out of google's use of cookies by visiting the google                        advertising opt-out page.
your control. you may, at any time, remove your personal identifying                    information from our database. if you have submitted personal identifying information                    to inflectra, and you wish to have it removed from our records, please e-mail us                    at support@inflectra.com.
your use. by using this website, you agree not to disrupt or intercept                    our electronic information posted on this website or on any of our servers. you                    also agree not to attempt to circumvent any security features of our website, and                    to abide by all applicable, local, state, federal and international laws.                                                          in the section of our website that allow you to access trial downloads, service                    patches and other registered customer materials, we do ask for some personal information,                    such as name, mailing address and e-mail address, but this information will only                    be used by inflectra to supply these materials to you or contact you, if necessary,                    to respond to your request for information and to contact you directly to respond                    to questions, comments or inquiries. we also may use the information to notify visitors                    about updates, new products or services. by using this website, you consent to the                    collection and use of this information by inflectra.
children. inflectra strongly believes in protecting the privacy                    of children online (we define "children" as minors younger than 13). therefore,                    inflectra will not knowingly collect or use any personal information from children                    or knowingly allow children to register with us. any information that is inadvertently                    collected from children will be deleted promptly upon discovery.
security. inflectra always uses industry-standard encryption technologies                    when transferring and receiving data exchanged with our website. inflectra has implemented                    appropriate security measures in our physical facilities to protect against the                    loss, misuse or alteration of information that we have collected from you at our                    website. unfortunately, however, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed                    to be 100% secure. as a result, while we strive to protect your personal information,                    we cannot guarantee or warrant the security of any information you transmit to or                    from our website, and you do so at your own risk. once we receive your transmission,                    we will do our best to protect its security on our systems. in the unlikely event                    of an interception or unauthorized access despite our efforts, inflectra shall not                    be responsible for such interception or unauthorized access, or any direct, indirect,                    special, incidental, or consequential damages (including lost profits) suffered                    by a customer or user, even if inflectra has previously been advised of the possibility                    of such damages. inflectra does not warrant, either expressly or impliedly, that                    the information provided by any customer shall be free from interception or unauthorized                    access, and does not provide any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness                    for a particular purpose. each customer is responsible for maintaining the confidentiality                    of his or her information.
(european union) general data protection regulation (gdpr):                    the general data protection regulation (gdpr) was created to align the data privacy laws across all eu countries. the gdpr came into effect in may 25th, 2018 and replaces the data protection directive 95/46/ec. a major update within the gdpr is that the processing of any eu citizens’ information is now protected, regardless of whether the information processing is done within the eu or not, and regardless of where the data controller is located.                                       if you are a citizen of the european union (eu) or european economic area (eea) and are using the inflectra website,                    we will maintain your personal data in accordance with the principles of the gdpr as outlined in                    appendix a of this privacy policy.                    choice / opt–out.                            during initial user registration, users can choose whether they wish to share their information                            with authorized third parties located in the same geography to aid in the software evaluation process.                            users always have the opportunity to opt–out or change preferences via a link in the footer of all non–transactional email messages.                            these options are made available in email messages delivered from our company. alternatively,                            you may manage your preferences in the secure customer area of our website or simply email us                            at privacy@inflectra.com.                            some communications (e.g. important account notifications, evaulation support information and billing information) are considered transactional                            and are necessary for all inflectra customers and users. you must cancel your inflectra account to unsubscribe from these                            communications. to cancel your inflectra account, please email us at sales@inflectra.com.                        right of individuals to access their personal data                            users of the inflectra website and inflectra online services have access to personal information about them that inflectra holds                            and you are able to correct, amend,                            or delete that information where it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the principles, except where                            the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in                            question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated.                        contacting us & independent recourse.                            please see the separate "independent recourse" section below for details on how to contact us with a privacy question or complaint and your                            independent recourse should you not be satisfied.                        onward liability.  inflectra is liable for any onward transfer of personal data                            to any third party vendors or service providers that inflectra may use in the provision of its services.
choice / opt–out.                            during initial user registration, users can choose whether they wish to share their information                            with authorized third parties located in the same geography to aid in the software evaluation process.                            users always have the opportunity to opt–out or change preferences via a link in the footer of all non–transactional email messages.                            these options are made available in email messages delivered from our company. alternatively,                            you may manage your preferences in the secure customer area of our website or simply email us                            at privacy@inflectra.com.                            some communications (e.g. important account notifications, evaulation support information and billing information) are considered transactional                            and are necessary for all inflectra customers and users. you must cancel your inflectra account to unsubscribe from these                            communications. to cancel your inflectra account, please email us at sales@inflectra.com.
right of individuals to access their personal data                            users of the inflectra website and inflectra online services have access to personal information about them that inflectra holds                            and you are able to correct, amend,                            or delete that information where it is inaccurate, or has been processed in violation of the principles, except where                            the burden or expense of providing access would be disproportionate to the risks to the individual’s privacy in the case in                            question, or where the rights of persons other than the individual would be violated.
contacting us & independent recourse.                            please see the separate "independent recourse" section below for details on how to contact us with a privacy question or complaint and your                            independent recourse should you not be satisfied.
onward liability.  inflectra is liable for any onward transfer of personal data                            to any third party vendors or service providers that inflectra may use in the provision of its services.
california consumer privacy act (ccpa):                    the california consumer privacy act (ccpa) is a law that enhances the privacy rights and consumer protection for residents of california, united states.                    at the present time, inflectra corporation does not meet the necessary thresholds for being subject to this law.                    however, inflectra is committed to your data privacy and complies with the eu gdpr which offers similar protections,                    and already has implements the protections required by the ccpa.
disclaimers. while inflectra has safeguards in place to prevent                    unauthorized access or interception, there is no absolute guarantee of security.                    in the event of an interception or unauthorized access, inflectra shall not be responsible                    for such interception or unauthorized access, or any direct, indirect, special,                    incidental, or consequential damages (including lost profits) suffered by a visitor                    or user, even if inflectra has previously been advised of the possibility of such                    damages. inflectra does not warrant, either expressly or impliedly, that the information                    provided by any visitor shall be free from interception or unauthorized access,                    and does not provide any implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a                    particular purpose.                                                          in transmitting electronic communications to inflectra, the user of this website                    is requesting that inflectra send information to or contact the user regarding our                    products or our services. inflectra will make every effort to accommodate reasonable                    requests for information pertaining to our products and services in a timely manner                    but makes no guarantees for the timeliness of such responses. the user should be                    aware that inflectra is not responsible for delay, non-delivery or non-receipt of                    any information exchanged between inflectra and the user or vice-versa due to internet                    connectivity problems, man-made or natural disasters, force majeure, computer malfunctions                    or incorrect contact information (including but not limited to e-mail addresses,                    mailing addresses, telephone, cellular, pager or fax numbers) supplied by the user.                                                          inflectra cooperates with inquiries from law enforcement agencies and will assist                    in attempting to identify a user when inflectra is required by law to do so or when                    inflectra, in the exercise of its judgment, determines it is necessary to protect                    itself, its website, services, customers and others.
independent recourse mechanism. in compliance with the eu gdpr and other privacy                    frameworks, inflectra commits to resolve complaints about your privacy and                    our collection or use of your personal information.                    inquiries or complaints regarding this privacy policy should first contact inflectra                    by email at: privacy@inflectra.com, or in writing at the address listed below.                                       inflectra has further committed to refer unresolved privacy complaints                    to an independent dispute resolution mechanism                    handled by the european union (eu) data protection authorities, swiss federal data protection and                    information commissioner, and us federal trade commission (collectively dpas). inflectra therefore                    agrees to resolve all disputes you have with us in connection with our policies and practices                    through the aforementioned dpas.
changes to the privacy policy. we may, at any time and without                    notice, add to, change, update or modify this privacy policy, simply by posting                    such change, update or modification on our website. if we decide to change our privacy                    policy, we will post those changes on this page so that you are always aware of                    what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances we disclose                    it. any such change, update or modification will be effective immediately upon posting                    on the website.
contact information
our postal address is:                    inflectra corporation                    8121 georgia ave, suite 504                    silver spring, md 20910-4957                    united states of america                    attn: webmaster
we can be reached via e-mail at                         privacy@inflectra.com
last updated on august 10th, 2020.
spiratest
spirateam
spiraplan
rapise
kronodesk
remote launch
industries
customers
partnerships
white papers
background papers
methodologies
support home
knowledge base
forum
help desk
why buy from us
training
company profile
news
blog
videos
events
contact inflectra
customer area
support login
partner portal













argentina
australia
belgium
brazil
finland
france
germany
israel
luxembourg
netherlands
philippines
switzerland
united states (hq)
legal notices
privacy policy
licensed patents
spiratest
spiratest combines test management, requirements traceability & bug-tracking
spirateam
spirateam brings your teams together, managing the entire application lifecycle
spiraplan
spiraplan lets you manage your programs and portfolio of projects like never before
remotelaunch
orchestrates your automated regression testing, functional, load and performance
rapise
the ultimate test automation platform for web, mobile, and desktop applications
kronodesk
the help desk system, designed specifically for software support teams
taravault
cloud hosted, secure source code management - git and subversion
spiracapture
exploratory testing capture tool that automatically records your testing activity
cloud services
let us deal with the it pain so you don't have to. or use on-premise if you prefer.
see how inflectra tools work with you, whatever your role
across industries
our customers work in every industry imaginable. from financial services to healthcare and biotech to government and defense and more, we work with our customers to address their specific needs.
methodologies
our products do not enforce a methodology on you, instead they let you work your way. whether you work in                 agile development,                 scrum and xp,                 kanban and lean,                 waterfall, hybrid,                or  scaled agile                            inflectra can help.
resources
if you want to learn more about application delivery, testing, and more take a look at our                whitepapers,                videos,                 background papers,                   blog, and                presentations.
process automation
customers use our tools to help automate repetitive tasks and                    streamline their business processes using our robotic process automation (rpa) solutions.
partnerships
we collaborate with a wide range of teams to bring our customers a range of                services (including                 load testing,                 training, and consultation),                complimentary technologies, and                specialized tools for specific industries.
case studies
learn how different                organizations                            have benefited from using inflectra products                  to manage their software testing and application develooment.
see how inflectra tools work with you, whatever your role
support home
outstanding support is the foundation of our company. we make support a priority over all other work. take a look at our support policy.
knowledge base & forums
discover great tips, discussions, and technical solutions from fellow customers and inflectra's technical experts.
helpdesk
if you can't find the answer you're looking for, please get in touch with us: over email, phone, or online.
documentation
browse our guides and manuals for all our products and addons.
spiratest| spirateam| spiraplan| rapise| kronodesk
product integrations
our tools integrate with over 50 different applications to help you work smarter and faster.
spiratest| spirateam| spiraplan
add-ons and downloads
we offer a wide range of extensions and add-ons to do everything from hooking up to google sheets, to your ide, to unit test frameworks.
spiratest| spirateam| spiraplan| rapise| kronodesk
system requirements
review the specific requirements needed to run our applications.
spiratest| spirateam| spiraplan| rapise| kronodesk
videos & presentations
we are constantly creating new videos to help customers learn about our products, including through in depth webinars, all freely available along with a wide selection of presentations.
training
we provide a number of resources to help customers learn how to get the most out of our products, with free online resources, virtual classrooms, and face to face.
pricing
company profile
read about inflectra, our manifesto, and values.                                    meet our incredible customers who are building awesome things,                  and our leadership team that are committed to building a great company.
news room
take a look at our press releases, company news, and product announcements.                if you are looking for our logos, check out our media kit.
blog
the inflectra blog contains articles on all aspects of the software lifecycle.                            in addition we have whitepapers,            background articles, videos and            presentations to help get you started.
events
events are a big part of our awesome customer service. they are a chance to learn more about us, our products, and how to level up your skills with our tools.
opportunities
we partner with educational institutions                            and individuals all over the world. we are also a great place to work and encourage you to explore joining our team.
contact us
please contact us with your questions, feedback, comments, or suggestions. we'll get back to you as soon as possible.
partners
when you need additional assistance (be it training, consulting, or integration services) our global certified solution provider partner network is ready to help.
why buy from us?
at inflectra, we are fully committed to provide our customers with the very best products and customer service.                            check out some of our recent awards.
for developers
we want to help developers extend and customize our tools to fit in with their needs. we provide robust apis, sample code, and open source projects.
