applicationsaerospaceembedded systemsserver applicationscasino gamingin-vehiclesurveillanceautomationnetworkingretailhealthcareaiot
aerospace
embedded systems
server applications
casino gaming
in-vehicle
surveillance
automation
networking
retail
healthcare
aiot
solutionsflash storagedram modulesembedded peripheralssoftware solutionstry smartfilter™
flash storage
dram modules
embedded peripherals
software solutions
try smartfilter™
technologystabilitysecurityrecoveryruggednessremote managementlongevityexpansionfeature sets
stability
security
recovery
ruggedness
remote management
longevity
expansion
feature sets
about usabout us- corporate introduction- certification- corporate culture- vision- history- contact informationinvestor relations- boards important resolutioncsr- innodisk esg
about us- corporate introduction- certification- corporate culture- vision- history- contact information
- corporate introduction
- certification
- corporate culture
- vision
- history
- contact information
investor relations- boards important resolution
- boards important resolution
csr- innodisk esg
- innodisk esg
supportinformation- news- events- edm- case study- videos- virtual exhibit- blogsupport & serviceswarranty policyrma processother servicesfaqresourcesdownloads
information- news- events- edm- case study- videos- virtual exhibit- blog
- news
- events
- edm
- case study
- videos
- virtual exhibit
- blog
support & serviceswarranty policyrma processother servicesfaq
warranty policy
rma process
other services
faq
resourcesdownloads
downloads
languageenglish繁體中文简体中文日本語한국어русскийespañolfrançaisother language
english
繁體中文
简体中文
日本語
한국어
русский
español
français
other language
applicationsaerospaceembedded systemsserver applicationscasino gamingin-vehiclesurveillanceautomationnetworkingretailhealthcareaiot
solutionsflash storagedram modulesembedded peripheralssoftware solutionstry smartfilter™
technologystabilitysecurityrecoveryruggednessremote managementlongevityexpansionfeature sets
about usabout uscorporate introductioncertificationcorporate culturevisionhistorycontact informationinvestor relationsboards important resolutioncsrinnodisk esg
supportinformationnewseventsedmcase studyvideosvirtual exhibitblogsupport & serviceswarranty policyrma processother servicesfaqresourcesdownloads
applicationsaerospaceembedded systemsserver applicationscasino gamingin-vehiclesurveillanceautomationnetworkingretailhealthcareaiot
solutionsflash storagedram modulesembedded peripheralssoftware solutionstry smartfilter™
technologystabilitysecurityrecoveryruggednessremote managementlongevityexpansionfeature sets
about usabout uscorporate introductioncertificationcorporate culturevisionhistorycontact informationinvestor relationsboards important resolutioncsrinnodisk esg
supportinformationnewseventsedmcase studyvideosvirtual exhibitblogsupport & serviceswarranty policyrma processother servicesfaqresourcesdownloads
privacy policy
the innodisk website (www.innodisk.com) (the “innodisk website”) is a website operated and maintained by innodisk corporation, a company headquartered in taiwan (hereafter “we” or “innodisk”). innodisk is committed to protecting the personal information collected thereby.
this privacy policy serves to inform you of the category of personal information innodisk collects, the purpose of and ground for such collection, and how such information is processed.
the personal information innodisk collects from you
generally, you can browse through the innodisk website without having to provide any personal information except in the following circumstances:
when you decide to subscribe to innonews, you will be required to enter your email address.
in case you decide to submit an inquiry, you will be required to enter information such as your name, company name, office telephone number, email address, country of your location.
you are not required to provide any of the above information. however, please note that if you choose not to provide the above information, we may not be able to provide you with the news delivery as you would like or respond to your inquiries.
except for the information above, the innodisk website also utilizes the use of cookies, information that is being collected automatically by the computer.
a “cookie” is a small file, typically of letters and numbers, downloaded on to a device (such as desktop, laptop, tablet) when the user accesses certain websites (cookie(s)). cookies are then sent back to the originating website on each subsequent visit. cookies are useful because they allow a website to recognize a user’s device. the information below explains the cookies we use on our website and why we use them:
cookies and similar technologies allow us to provide you with, for example, customized information from our website and to make our website more user-friendly through customer recognition, understanding and facilitation of the customer browsing behavior. this may include, for example, remembering your log-in information so you do not have to re-enter it every time you visit our website.
in addition, cookies allow us to understand which pages you have visited and to determine how frequently particular pages are visited and to determine the most popular areas of our website.
our website also employs cookies and similar technologies placed by our carefully selected third party partner(s), such as google, to manage our commercial relationship with those partners.
you can enable or disable cookies by modifying the settings in your browser. however, to make full use of the innodisk website, cookies need to be enabled on your browser or device. if you choose not to allow cookies you will not be able to browse parts of our website.
we use google analytics to help us understand how you navigate to and access our website. these cookies enable the function of google analytics. such service helps us understand how long customers spend visiting different pages and how often they return to our website. google analytics also helps our marketing colleagues to improve the effectiveness of our digital marketing campaigns. you can find out how to opt out of these cookies here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout
sharing of your personal information
should you choose to subscribe to innonews or any marketing or business newsletter of innodisk, innodisk will share your email addresses with its newsletter distribution service providers including itpison information co. ltd.
changes to this privacy policy
innodisk may occasionally update this privacy policy. when we do, we will revise the "last update" date at the top of the privacy policy.
where we store your information; transfer of your information; retention
information that we collect from you will be stored primarily on our servers located in taiwan. where we need to share such information to our service provider(s) as described above, the data may subsequently be transferred to, stored and processed in countries where innodisk or its service providers maintain facilities.
information that we collect may be retained for as long as needed to fulfil the purposes outlined above, or for a period of time specifically required by applicable regulations or laws.
security of your personal information
innodisk is committed to safeguarding your personal information that has been made available to us, and we strive to implement security measures and procedures that are consistent with industry standards to ensure that your personal information remains safe with us.
your rights
right to withdraw consent. where innodisk collects and/or processes your personal data based on your consent, you have the right to withdraw such consent at any time.
in addition, you have the right to:access your personal data;copy or transfer your personal data;demand rectification of incorrect or incomplete data;require deletion or removal of your personal data;request not to be subject to entirely automatic profiling algorithms;impose restriction on processing of your personal data; andobject to the processing of your personal data based on grounds other than your express consent.
access your personal data;
copy or transfer your personal data;
demand rectification of incorrect or incomplete data;
require deletion or removal of your personal data;
request not to be subject to entirely automatic profiling algorithms;
impose restriction on processing of your personal data; and
object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds other than your express consent.
you have the right to lodge a complaint with the data protection authority having jurisdiction over innodisk should you believe that innodisk has violated your privacy right through inappropriate use of your personal data and has failed to promptly cure such violation upon receipt of your request for cure.
children's privacy
we do not knowingly collect personal information from children without appropriate parental or guardian consent. if you believe that we might have collected personal information from someone under the applicable age of consent, please let us know using the methods described below and we will take appropriate measures to investigate and address the issue promptly.
contact us
if you have any concerns as to how your personal data is collected or processed or your rights, or any question about our privacy policy, you can contact us at the following address:
innodisk corporation
address: 5f., no. 237, sec. 1, datong rd., xizhi dist., new taipei city 221, taiwan
email: [email protected]
innodisk and cookies
