it appears javascript is disabled. to get the most                        out of the website                        we recommend enabling javascript in your browser.
support
login
contact
logo
support
login
contact
home
aboutoverviewhow we help youour partners and accreditationsinnovate in the community
overview
how we help you
our partners and accreditations
innovate in the community
servicesoverviewmanaged it servicenetworksecuritycloud & it infrastructureunified communicationsproductivity & collaboration tools​skillsource
overview
managed it service
network
security
cloud & it infrastructure
unified communications
productivity & collaboration tools​
skillsource
case studiesoverviewprogressive geneticswexford county councilecovis dcamccauley chemiststhe harcourt hotel & iveagh garden hotelgreyhound racing irelandhertzglanbia plccully automationlife style sportskirby group engineeringwhitfield cliniccampus oilthe national archives of ireland
overview
progressive genetics
wexford county council
ecovis dca
mccauley chemists
the harcourt hotel & iveagh garden hotel
greyhound racing ireland
hertz
glanbia plc
cully automation
life style sports
kirby group engineering
whitfield clinic
campus oil
the national archives of ireland
resourcesoverviewblog
overview
blog
skillsourceoverviewskillsource vacanciesskillsource employer interest
overview
skillsource vacancies
skillsource employer interest
careersoverviewcurrent vacanciesgraduate programregister candidate interest
overview
current vacancies
graduate program
register candidate interest
privacy policy
home
privacy policy
privacy policy
if you choose to register on any part of this innovate website, you agree to provide innovate with the accurate data as requested in the registration form. for details of our use and transfer of your personal data, please refer to this privacy policy.
the information provided in a form or otherwise via the innovate website will be used by innovate for the purpose of providing the services that you have requested by way of the innovate website.
from time to time innovate, innovate affiliates or agents might use this information for marketing purposes or to inform you about other products and services, which we think might be of interest for you. you can specify whether you wish to receive such information in the appropriate box in your registration form.
we are committed to protecting your privacy. your personal data is held on a secure computer, in the cloud or on manual files shall not be processed for any other purpose than those set out in this privacy policy. the server innovate uses to store this information is accessible to authorised staff only, is further connected to the internet through a firewall and is therefore not accessible to the public.
small pieces of information known as cookies will be installed on your computer to collect statistical information including navigation paths, number of visits, returning customers and hits per page. the only personal information that a cookie can contain is information that you provide yourself. they cannot read data off your hard disk. we use these cookies to help us determine the usefulness of the information that we provide and to see how user-friendly our website is. innovate does not share the information that it gathers from cookies with other non-innovate entities or sell it to third parties. if you prefer not to receive cookies from our website, you can set your browser to warn you before accepting cookies and refuse the cookie when your browser alerts you to its presence. you can also refuse cookies by turning them off in your browser. you may be required to have cookies turned on to enable you to use certain functionality of the innovate website.
the cookies we use on our website are as follows:
you have the right to access, correct, update, or delete your data by accessing the appropriate link to your profile or by submitting a request to privacy@innovate.ie.
we will only hold your personal information for the duration necessary to allow us to provide the services that you have requested or for any additional period as required by law.
you have the right to lodge a complaint regarding our use of your data. to do so, please contact our appointed compliance officer, gavin o’donovan, via email to privacy@innovate.ie. if we fail to address any complaint, you can contact the irish data protection commissioner as follows:
helen dixondata protection commission, canal house, station road, portarlington, co. laois r32 ap23+353 (57) 868 4800info@dataprotection.ie
this privacy policy may be amended by innovate from time to time. we will notify you of any material changes affecting our use of our personal data.
privacy policy
terms and conditions
sitemap
most popular cloud services
cisco meraki
microsoft em+s
microsoft azure
microsoft office 365
voicegrid
get in touch today
find us at
linkedin
twitter
facebook
google plus
youtube
dublin
southeast
our partners
privacy policy
terms and conditions
sitemap
copyright © innovate business technology ltd. all rights reserved.
