
research
news
events
login
linkedin
offeringsinosim softwareconsulting servicesinosim foresight
inosim software
consulting services
inosim foresight
applicationsplant design & optimizationprocess design & scale-upfailure & maintenance managementproduction planning & schedulingenergy & resource efficiencysupply chain & logistics
plant design & optimization
process design & scale-up
failure & maintenance management
production planning & scheduling
energy & resource efficiency
supply chain & logistics
industrieschemicalspharmaceuticalslife sciences & biotechfood & beveragesteel and othersacademics
chemicals
pharmaceuticals
life sciences & biotech
food & beverage
steel and others
academics
support & servicestrainingconsulting servicessupporttips and tricksfrequently asked questionsdownloads
training
consulting services
support
tips and tricks
frequently asked questions
downloads
about usabout inosimcontactcareercustomers and partnerscase studiespress review
about inosim
contact
career
customers and partners
case studies
press review
home » privacy
privacy policy
1. an overview of data protection
general information
the following information will provide you with an easy to navigate overview of what will happen with your personal data when you visit this website. the term “personal data” comprises all data that can be used to personally identify you. for detailed information about the subject matter of data protection, please consult our data protection declaration, which we have included beneath this copy.
data recording on this website
who is the responsible party for the recording of data on this website (i.e., the “controller”)?
the data on this website is processed by the operator of the website, whose contact information is available under section “information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the gdpr)” in this privacy policy.
how do we record your data?
we collect your data as a result of your sharing of your data with us. this may, for instance be information you enter into our contact form.
other data shall be recorded by our it systems automatically or after you consent to its recording during your website visit. this data comprises primarily technical information (e.g., web browser, operating system, or time the site was accessed). this information is recorded automatically when you access this website.
what are the purposes we use your data for?
a portion of the information is generated to guarantee the error free provision of the website. other data may be used to analyze your user patterns.
what rights do you have as far as your information is concerned?
you have the right to receive information about the source, recipients, and purposes of your archived personal data at any time without having to pay a fee for such disclosures. you also have the right to demand that your data are rectified or eradicated. if you have consented to data processing, you have the option to revoke this consent at any time, which shall affect all future data processing. moreover, you have the right to demand that the processing of your data be restricted under certain circumstances. furthermore, you have the right to log a complaint with the competent supervising agency.
please do not hesitate to contact us at any time if you have questions about this or any other data protection related issues.
2. hosting and content delivery networks (cdn)
external hosting
this website is hosted by an external service provider (host). personal data collected on this website are stored on the servers of the host. these may include, but are not limited to, ip addresses, contact requests, metadata and communications, contract information, contact information, names, web page access, and other data generated through a web site.
the host is used for the purpose of fulfilling the contract with our potential and existing customers (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b gdpr) and in the interest of secure, fast, and efficient provision of our online services by a professional provider (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr).
our host will only process your data to the extent necessary to fulfil its performance obligations and to follow our instructions with respect to such data.
we are using the following host:
1&1 ionos seelgendorfer str. 5756410 montabaur
execution of a contract data processing agreement
in order to guarantee processing in compliance with data protection regulations, we have concluded an order processing contract with our host.
3. general information and mandatory information
data protection
the operators of this website and its pages take the protection of your personal data very seriously. hence, we handle your personal data as confidential information and in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and this data protection declaration.
whenever you use this website, a variety of personal information will be collected. personal data comprises data that can be used to personally identify you. this data protection declaration explains which data we collect as well as the purposes we use this data for. it also explains how, and for which purpose the information is collected.
we herewith advise you that the transmission of data via the internet (i.e., through e-mail communications) may be prone to security gaps. it is not possible to completely protect data against third-party access.
information about the responsible party (referred to as the “controller” in the gdpr)
the data processing controller on this website is:
inosim software gmbhparkring 7322949 ammersbek
phone: +49 4532 268 946e-mail: info@inosim.com
the controller is the natural person or legal entity that single-handedly or jointly with others makes decisions as to the purposes of and resources for the processing of personal data (e.g., names, e-mail addresses, etc.).
storage duration
unless a more specific storage period has been specified in this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until the purpose for which it was collected no longer applies. if you assert a justified request for deletion or revoke your consent to data processing, your data will be deleted, unless we have other legally permissible reasons for storing your personal data (e.g., tax or commercial law retention periods); in the latter case, the deletion will take place after these reasons cease to apply.
revocation of your consent to the processing of data
a wide range of data processing transactions are possible only subject to your express consent. you can also revoke at any time any consent you have already given us. this shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data collection that occurred prior to your revocation.
right to object to the collection of data in special cases; right to object to direct advertising (art. 21 gdpr)
in the event that data are processed on the basis of art. 6 sect. 1 lit. e or f gdpr, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your personal data based on grounds arising from your unique situation. this also applies to any profiling based on these provisions. to determine the legal basis, on which any processing of data is based, please consult this data protection declaration. if you log an objection, we will no longer process your affected personal data, unless we are in a position to present compelling protection worthy grounds for the processing of your data, that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or if the purpose of the processing is the claiming, exercising or defence of legal entitlements (objection pursuant to art. 21 sect. 1 gdpr).
if your personal data is being processed in order to engage in direct advertising, you have the right to at any time object to the processing of your affected personal data for the purposes of such advertising. this also applies to profiling to the extent that it is affiliated with such direct advertising. if you object, your personal data will subsequently no longer be used for direct advertising purposes (objection pursuant to art. 21 sect. 2 gdpr).
right to log a complaint with the competent supervisory agency
in the event of violations of the gdpr, data subjects are entitled to log a complaint with a supervisory agency, in particular in the member state where they usually maintain their domicile, place of work or at the place where the alleged violation occurred. the right to log a complaint is in effect regardless of any other administrative or court proceedings available as legal recourses.
right to data portability
you have the right to demand that we hand over any data we automatically process on the basis of your consent or in order to fulfil a contract be handed over to you or a third party in a commonly used, machine readable format. if you should demand the direct transfer of the data to another controller, this will be done only if it is technically feasible.
ssl and/or tls encryption
for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as purchase orders or inquiries you submit to us as the website operator, this website uses either an ssl or a tls encryption program. you can recognize an encrypted connection by checking whether the address line of the browser switches from “http://” to “https://” and also by the appearance of the lock icon in the browser line.
if the ssl or tls encryption is activated, data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.
information about, rectification and eradication of data
within the scope of the applicable statutory provisions, you have the right to at any time demand information about your archived personal data, their source and recipients as well as the purpose of the processing of your data. you may also have a right to have your data rectified or eradicated. if you have questions about this subject matter or any other questions about personal data, please do not hesitate to contact us at any time.
right to demand processing restrictions
you have the right to demand the imposition of restrictions as far as the processing of your personal data is concerned. to do so, you may contact us at any time. the right to demand restriction of processing applies in the following cases:
in the event that you should dispute the correctness of your data archived by us, we will usually need some time to verify this claim. during the time that this investigation is ongoing, you have the right to demand that we restrict the processing of your personal data.
if the processing of your personal data was/is conducted in an unlawful manner, you have the option to demand the restriction of the processing of your data in lieu of demanding the eradication of this data.
if we do not need your personal data any longer and you need it to exercise, defend or claim legal entitlements, you have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data instead of its eradication.
if you have raised an objection pursuant to art. 21 sect. 1 gdpr, your rights and our rights will have to be weighed against each other. as long as it has not been determined whose interests prevail, you have the right to demand a restriction of the processing of your personal data.
if you have restricted the processing of your personal data, these data – with the exception of their archiving – may be processed only subject to your consent or to claim, exercise or defend legal entitlements or to protect the rights of other natural persons or legal entities or for important public interest reasons cited by the european union or a member state of the eu.
rejection of unsolicited e-mails
we herewith object to the use of contact information published in conjunction with the mandatory information to be provided in our site notice to send us promotional and information material that we have not expressly requested. the operators of this website and its pages reserve the express right to take legal action in the event of the unsolicited sending of promotional information, for instance via spam messages.
4. recording of data on this website
contact form
if you submit inquiries to us via our contact form, the information provided in the contact form as well as any contact information provided therein will be stored by us in order to handle your inquiry and in the event that we have further questions. we will not share this information without your consent.
the processing of these data is based on art. 6 para. 1 lit. b gdpr, if your request is related to the execution of a contract or if it is necessary to carry out pre-contractual measures. in all other cases the processing is based on our legitimate interest in the effective processing of the requests addressed to us (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr) or on your agreement (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a gdpr) if this has been requested.
the information you have entered into the contact form shall remain with us until you ask us to eradicate the data, revoke your consent to the archiving of data or if the purpose for which the information is being archived no longer exists (e.g., after we have concluded our response to your inquiry). this shall be without prejudice to any mandatory legal provisions, in particular retention periods.
request by e-mail, telephone, or fax
if you contact us by e-mail, telephone or fax, your request, including all resulting personal data (name, request) will be stored and processed by us for the purpose of processing your request. we do not pass these data on without your consent.
these data are processed on the basis of art. 6 sect. 1 lit. b gdpr if your inquiry is related to the fulfillment of a contract or is required for the performance of pre-contractual measures. in all other cases, the data are processed on the basis of our legitimate interest in the effective handling of inquiries submitted to us (art. 6 sect. 1 lit. f gdpr) or on the basis of your consent (art. 6 sect. 1 lit. a gdpr) if it has been obtained.
the data sent by you to us via contact requests remain with us until you request us to delete, revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses (e.g. after completion of your request). mandatory statutory provisions – in particular statutory retention periods – remain unaffected.
5. newsletter
newsletter data
if you would like to subscribe to the newsletter offered on this website, we will need from you an e-mail address as well as information that allow us to verify that you are the owner of the e-mail address provided, and consent to the receipt of the newsletter. additional data may be collected to create user profiles and may be shared with third parties.
the processing of the information entered into the newsletter subscription form shall occur exclusively on the basis of your consent (art. 6 sect. 1 lit. a gdpr). you may revoke the consent you have given to the archiving of data, the e-mail address and the use of this information for the sending of the newsletter at any time, for instance by clicking on the “unsubscribe” link in the newsletter. this shall be without prejudice to the lawfulness of any data processing transactions that have taken place to date.
the data deposited with us for the purpose of subscribing to the newsletter will be stored by us until you unsubscribe from the newsletter or the newsletter service provider and deleted from the newsletter distribution list after you unsubscribe from the newsletter or after the purpose has ceased to apply. we reserve the right to delete or block e-mail addresses from our newsletter distribution list at our own discretion within the scope of our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6(1)(f) gdpr.
after you unsubscribe from the newsletter distribution list, your e-mail address may be stored by us or the newsletter service provider in a blacklist to prevent future mailings. the data from the blacklist is used only for this purpose and not merged with other data. this serves both your interest and our interest in complying with the legal requirements when sending newsletters (legitimate interest within the meaning of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr). the storage in the blacklist is indefinite. you may object to the storage if your interests outweigh our legitimate interest.
6. custom services
job applications
we offer website visitors the opportunity to submit job applications to us (e.g., via e-mail, via postal services on by submitting the online job application form). below, we will brief you on the scope, purpose and use of the personal data collected from you in conjunction with the application process. we assure you that the collection, processing and use of your data will occur in compliance with the applicable data privacy rights and all other statutory provisions and that your data will always be treated as strictly confidential.
scope and purpose of the collection of data
if you submit a job application to us, we will process any affiliated personal data (e.g., contact and communications data, application documents, notes taken during job interviews, etc.), if they are required to make a decision concerning the establishment or an employment relationship. the legal grounds for the aforementioned are § 26 new gdpr according to german law (negotiation of an employment relationship), art. 6 sect. 1 lit. b gdpr (general contract negotiations) and – provided you have given us your consent – art. 6 sect. 1 lit. a gdpr. you may revoke any consent given at any time. within our company, your personal data will only be shared with individuals who are involved in the processing of your job application.
if your job application should result in your recruitment, the data you have submitted will be archived on the grounds of § 26 new gdpr and art. 6 sect. 1 lit. b gdpr for the purpose of implementing the employment relationship in our data processing system.
data archiving period
if we are unable to make you a job offer or you reject a job offer or withdraw your application, we reserve the right to retain the data you have submitted on the basis of our legitimate interests (art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr) for up to 6 months from the end of the application procedure (rejection or withdrawal of the application). afterwards the data will be deleted, and the physical application documents will be destroyed. the storage serves in particular as evidence in the event of a legal dispute. if it is evident that the data will be required after the expiry of the 6-month period (e.g., due to an impending or pending legal dispute), deletion will only take place when the purpose for further storage no longer applies.
longer storage may also take place if you have given your agreement (article 6 (1) (a) gdpr) or if statutory data retention requirements preclude the deletion.
our social media appearances
data processing through social networks
we maintain publicly available profiles in social networks. the individual social networks we use can be found below.
social networks such as facebook, twitter etc. can generally analyze your user behavior comprehensively if you visit their website or a website with integrated social media content (e.g. like buttons or banner ads). when you visit our social media pages, numerous data protection-relevant processing operations are triggered. in detail:
if you are logged in to your social media account and visit our social media page, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. under certain circumstances, your personal data may also be recorded if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social media portal. in this case, this data is collected, for example, via cookies stored on your device or by recording your ip address.
using the data collected in this way, the operators of the social media portals can create user profiles in which their preferences and interests are stored. this way you can see interest-based advertising inside and outside of your social media presence. if you have an account with the social network, interest-based advertising can be displayed on any device you are logged in to or have logged in to.
please also note that we cannot retrace all processing operations on the social media portals. depending on the provider, additional processing operations may therefore be carried out by the operators of the social media portals. details can be found in the terms of use and privacy policy of the respective social media portals.
legal basis
our social media appearances should ensure the widest possible presence on the internet. this is a legitimate interest within the meaning of art. 6 (1) lit. f gdpr. the analysis processes initiated by the social networks may be based on divergent legal bases to be specified by the operators of the social networks (e.g. consent within the meaning of art. 6 (1) (a) gdpr).
responsibility and assertion of rights
if you visit one of our social media sites (e.g., facebook), we, together with the operator of the social media platform, are responsible for the data processing operations triggered during this visit. you can in principle protect your rights (information, correction, deletion, limitation of processing, data portability and complaint) vis-à-vis us as well as vis-à-vis the operator of the respective social media portal (e.g. facebook).
please note that despite the shared responsibility with the social media portal operators, we do not have full influence on the data processing operations of the social media portals. our options are determined by the company policy of the respective provider.
storage time
the data collected directly from us via the social media presence will be deleted from our systems as soon as the purpose for their storage lapses, you ask us to delete it, you revoke your consent to the storage or the purpose for the data storage lapses. stored cookies remain on your device until you delete them. mandatory statutory provisions – in particular, retention periods – remain unaffected.
we have no control over the storage duration of your data that are stored by the social network operators for their own purposes. for details, please contact the social network operators directly (e.g. in their privacy policy, see below).
individual social networks
linkedin
we have a linkedin profile. the provider is the linkedin ireland unlimited company, wilton plaza, wilton place, dublin 2, ireland. linkedin uses advertising cookies.
if you want to disable linkedin advertising cookies, please use the following link: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.
data transmission to the us is based on the standard contractual clauses (scc) of the european commission. details can be found here: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/dpa und https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/eu-sccs.
for details on how they handle your personal information, please refer to linkedin’s privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
inosim support
during usual business hours
germany +49 231 97 00 250
usa +1 214 663 3101
support@inosim.com
contact
support
joseph-von-fraunhofer-str. 2044227 dortmund | germanyphone +49 231 97 00 250fax +49 231 97 00 251
4120 main street | dallas | tx 75226 | usaphone +1 214 663 3101
c-410 janhavi enclave | kodichikanahalli | 560076 bangalore | indiaphone +91 9766 331 092
