linkedin
twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube
rss
k2 konnect login
home
solutionsserviceswhy k2customer success storiesshare a vacancy with k2
services
why k2
customer success stories
share a vacancy with k2
get hiredserviceswhy k2education & trainingk2 konnectjobsfind a job
services
why k2
education & training
k2 konnect
jobs
find a job
educationsalesforce coursessap trainingfor independent consultantsfor companiesrpa training
salesforce courses
sap trainingfor independent consultantsfor companies
for independent consultants
for companies
rpa training
careers at k2
about k2technologiesenterprise cloudsalesforcesapamazon web servicesenterprise on premisesapcybersecuritysocial & enterprise mobilitypredictive analytics & big dataartificial intelligence & roboticsinternet of thingsmeet the teamour brandsk2 historypress releasesvideo librarythe k2 vision
technologiesenterprise cloudsalesforcesapamazon web servicesenterprise on premisesapcybersecuritysocial & enterprise mobilitypredictive analytics & big dataartificial intelligence & roboticsinternet of things
enterprise cloudsalesforcesapamazon web services
salesforce
sap
amazon web services
enterprise on premisesap
sap
cybersecurity
social & enterprise mobility
predictive analytics & big data
artificial intelligence & robotics
internet of things
meet the team
our brands
k2 history
press releases
video library
the k2 vision
blog
contact us
data protection & privacy policy
data protection declaration
standard

this privacy notice sets out the basis on which k2 partnering solutions holding co limited will process personal information provided to us, this information is also referred to as ‘personal data’. this privacy notice shall also apply to our subsidiaries and affiliates in the k2 group, namely kili bidco ltd, kili midco ltd, kili topco ltd, kilimanjaro (gsy) ltd, k2 partnering solutions ltd, k2 human capital solutions ltd, madison kay ltd, k2 partnering solutions deutschland gmbh, k2 partnering solutions sa, partners k2 ag, k2 partnering solutions s.l., k2 partnering solutions llc, k2 partnering solutions limited (italian branch), k2 partnering solutions italy srl, k2 partnering solutions s.r.o., k2 partnering solutions pte ltd, k2 partnering solutions india private limited,  k2 business consulting (shanghai) company limited, k2 partnering solutions, k.k., k2 partnering solutions do brasil consultoria em tecnologia da informação ltda.,. k2 partnering solutions do brasil consultoria em tecnologia da informação ltda. (curitiba branch), k2 human capital solutions, inc., k2 partnering solutions, inc., k2 partnering solutions (west), inc. k2 partnering solutions, inc. (boston branch), k2 partnering solutions (west), inc. (san francisco branch), k2 partnering solutions (west), inc. (dallas branch), k2 partnering solutions de méxico, s. de r.l. de c.v, k2 partnering solutions s.a.s, k2 partnering solutions pty ltd and all references to “we”, “us”, “our” and “ours” shall include both k2 partnering solutions holding co limited and any our group companies.
we take our obligations in respect of the privacy of personal data very seriously and we will only process personal information as detailed in this notice, unless we inform you otherwise. in order to ensure that the personal data we hold is accurate and up to date, we request that you inform us of any relevant changes to the personal information we hold about you.
the k2 group of companies is a leading global consultative staffing enterprise comprised of it staffing and it services companies which provide project assignments for it specialists as well as permanent recruitment services. established in london in 1997, k2 now operates from many locations worldwide. we help individuals to find permanent work or their next project and we are also an employer. we now also provide education offerings to our candidates and business associates so that they can continue to learn and develop and continue to receive relevant and exciting work opportunities, and are approved value added resellers for some companies with regard to their cloud learning services. our core business activity is recruitment whereby we assist individuals in finding work or project opportunities with our clients, whether this is directly or through supply by us, and we assist clients in introducing or supplying the resources that they require. we also recruit staff to work for us to provide our recruitment services.
for the purposes of this privacy notice, our commercial activities and services  for individuals and businesses (including education offerings and us acting as value added reseller) are jointly referred to as ‘services’, and our actual or potential hiring customers are referred to as ‘clients’.our data protection officer is maurizio scozzafava and can be contacted here: dataprotection@k2partnering.com
k2 collects, uses and is responsible for certain personal information about you. when we do so we are regulated under the general data protection regulation (gdpr) which applies across the european union (including in the united kingdom) as well as local laws, and we are responsible as ‘controller’ of that personal information for the purposes of those laws. for the purpose of applicable data protection legislation (including but not limited to the gdpr), the company responsible for your personal data is the one you are dealing and/or contracting with.
this privacy policy applies to the personal data of our website users, candidates, clients, suppliers, referals, referees and other people we may contact in order to carry out our services. it also applies to the emergency contacts of our staff. for the avoidance of doubt, if you are a member of k2’s staff, you should refer to k2’s privacy notice for internal staff which has been communicated to you separately and is available on the k2 intranet.
if you do not wish us to process personal data in accordance with this policy, then please do not provide it to us, please refer to section 4 ’your rights‘, in respect of data that we already hold, or which we receive from third parties.

section 1: this section applies to individuals wishing to use or using our services, ie – looking for a role to work with us, being represented by us and/or wishing to take up education offerings through us (‘a candidate’):
depending on the contracting entity your assignment is conducted through, the business activity carried out or contract type entered into and applicable local laws and requirements, the personal data we collect or receive includes the following as applicable:
name
address
email and other contact details
date of birth
gender
marital status
job history (including information relating to placements through us)
educational history,  qualifications & skills
visa and other right to work or identity information
passport/identity card and photograph
bank details
national insurance and/or tax ( for example payroll) information
income related information such as your current remuneration, pensions and benefits arrangements
next of kin and family details
contact details of referees
personal information relating to hobbies, interests and pastimes
information contained in references and pre-employment (such as criminal record) checks from third       parties
other sensitive personal information such as health records (see ‘sensitive personal data’ section below)
information on your interests and needs regarding future employment, both directly and inferred, for  example from jobs viewed or articles read on our website
extra information that you choose to tell us or your referees or the client chooses to tell us about you, or that we find from other third party sources such as job sites
ip address, dates, times and frequency with which you access our services
where applicable, cctv footage if you attend our premises
your marketing preferences
in some jurisdictions, we are restricted from processing some of the data outlined above and will consequently not process such data there.
we may obtain your personal data from the following sources (please note that this list is not exhaustive):
you (e.g. a curriculum vitae, application or registration form filled out on the k2 website or sent/given to us directly)
a client
other candidates
online jobsites
marketing databases
the public domain
social media such as facebook or twitter
at interview
conversations on the telephone or video conferencing
notes following a conversation or meeting
our websites and software applications (if you would like more information about this, please see the sections below on cookies, google analytics and social media plugins
applying for jobs through a board, which then redirects you to the k2 website
where you are a candidate and we have obtained your personal data from a third party such as an online job board, it is our policy to advise you of the source when we first communicate with you.
how we will use your personal data:
the processing of your personal information may include:
collecting and storing your personal data, whether in manual or electronic files
notifying you of potential roles or opportunities
assessing and reviewing  your suitability for job roles
introducing and/or supplying you to actual or potential clients
engaging you for a role with us or with our clients including  any related administration e.g. timesheets and, where applicable, payroll
signing you up to one of our education offerings
allowing you to use our k2 konnect platform to submit timesheets and expense forms and upload your invoices;
allowing you to participate in the interactive features of our k2konnect platform, when you choose to do so
carrying out customer satisfaction / client and project rating surveys
collating market or sector specific information and providing the same to our clients
sending information to third parties with whom we have or intend to enter into arrangements which are related to our services
providing information to regulatory authorities or statutory bodies, and our legal or other professional advisers including insurers
to market our services
retaining a record of our dealings
establishing quality, training and compliance with our obligations and best practice
for the purposes of backing up information on our computer systems

why we process your personal data:
1. entering into and performing a contract with you:
in order to provide our services we may enter into a contract with you and/or a third party. in order to enter into a contract we will need certain information, for example your name and address. a contract will also contain obligations on both your part and our part and we shall process your data as is necessary for the purpose of those obligations. for example, in order to process payments, bank details will be required.
2. compliance with legal obligations (regulatory and statutory obligations):
we must comply with a number of statutory provisions when providing our services, which necessitate the processing of personal data. these include (for the purposes of english law) the conduct of employment agencies and employment businesses regulations 2003, which amongst other things requires us to:
verify your identity
assess your suitability for an external job role
maintain records for specific periods
where we engage a person to work for us (whether directly or as supplied to a client), there are other statutory obligations that must be complied with including (where applicable) payroll, tax, social security, hmrc or other tax authorities reporting requirements, and any other law or regulation.
we are also required to comply with statutory and regulatory obligations relating to business generally, for example complying with tax, bribery, fraud/crime prevention and data protection legislation, and co-operating with regulatory authorities such as tax authorities or the data protection supervisory authorities such as information commissioner’s office.
3. our legitimate interests (carrying on the commercial activity of our services):
in providing our services, we will carry out some processing of personal data which is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests, which include:
retaining records of our dealings and transactions and where applicable, use such records for the purposes of:
establishing compliance with contractual obligations with clients or suppliers
addressing any query or dispute that may arise including establishing, exercising or defending any legal claimsprotecting our reputationmaintaining a back-up of our system, solely for the purpose of being able to restore the system to a particular point in the event of a system failure or security breach evaluating quality and compliance including compliance with this privacy notice determining staff training and system requirements
addressing any query or dispute that may arise including establishing, exercising or defending any legal claims
protecting our reputation
maintaining a back-up of our system, solely for the purpose of being able to restore the system to a particular point in the event of a system failure or security breach
evaluating quality and compliance including compliance with this privacy notice
determining staff training and system requirements

using your personal data to:
assess suitability and contact you regarding potential opportunities and/or our servicescollate market information or trends including providing analysis to potential or actual clientssource potential opportunities or roles as part of our servicesobtain referrals for roles we are working onmarket our services and related material, services and products, or provide industry updates where we have a soft opt-in *personalise your experience and our offering, whether via our website or otherwise
assess suitability and contact you regarding potential opportunities and/or our services
collate market information or trends including providing analysis to potential or actual clients
source potential opportunities or roles as part of our services
obtain referrals for roles we are working on
market our services and related material, services and products, or provide industry updates where we have a soft opt-in *
personalise your experience and our offering, whether via our website or otherwise
this means that for our commercial viability and to pursue these legitimate interests, we may continue to process your personal data for as long as we consider necessary for these purposes.
* soft opt-in consent is a specific type of consent which applies where you have previously engaged with us (for example by submitting a cv, or registering a vacancy to be filled, or working with us on a contracting assignment), and we are marketing other recruitment-related services. under ‘soft opt-in’ consent, we will take your consent as given unless or until you opt out. for most, this is beneficial as it allows us to suggest other services that might enhance your employability and skills.
4. consent to our processing of your data:
we may process your personal data on the basis that you have consented to us doing so for a specific purpose, for example, if you apply for a specific role you may have consented to our processing of the data that has been provided for the purpose of progressing your application and considering your suitability for that role. in other cases you may have provided your written or verbal consent to the use of your data for a specific reason.
you may withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal information for a particular purpose at any stage. however, please note that we may continue to retain, or otherwise use your personal information thereafter where we have a legitimate interest or a legal or contractual obligation to do so. our processing in that respect will be limited to what is necessary in furtherance of those interests or obligations. withdrawal of consent will not have any effect on the lawfulness of any processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
what if we obtain your personal data from a third party?
part of our business activity involves researching information relating to individuals for the purposes of filling job roles. this may include obtaining personal data from online sources, for example, we may obtain information from social media sites such as linkedin and job boards, some information being publicly available but others being from sites or providers to which we subscribe. from time to time we may also receive personal information about you from hiring organisations, colleagues and former employers, or from persons for whom you have provided services or been otherwise engaged.
where information from third party sources is of no use to us, or where you have notified us that you do not want us to provide you with services, we shall discard it, however, we may maintain a limited record in order to avoid the duplication of process. where we consider that information may be of use to us in pursuance of the provision of our services, any processing will be in accordance with this privacy notice. you do have the right to object to processing, please see section 4 ‘your rights’.
sensitive personal data (spd)
sensitive personal data is information which is intensely personal to you and is usually irrelevant to our consideration of your suitability for a job role. examples of spd include information which reveals your political, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, race or ethnic origin, or information relating to your health.
regardless of the basis for your dealings with us, we request that you do not provide us with any sensitive personal data unless absolutely necessary. however, to the extent that you do provide us with any sensitive personal data, such as data which you choose to share with us in conversation, we shall only use that data for the purposes of our relationship with you or for the provision of our services. this will be for one or more of the following reasons:
you have explicitly consented to the processing
for the purpose of our assessment of your suitability for job roles or working capacity
where processing is necessary for the purpose of obligations or rights under employment, social security or social protection law
to maintain records of our dealings to address any later dispute, including but not limited to the establishment, exercise or defence of any legal claims
who we share personal data with:
we shall not share your personal information unless we are legally entitled or required to do so. the following is a non-exhaustive list of persons with whom we may share your personal information include:
individuals working for our clients, hirers and other third parties necessary for the provision of our services;
any regulatory authority or statutory body pursuant to a request for information or any legal obligation which applies to us;
parties who process data on our behalf, which may include outsourced payroll providers;it support;storage service providers including cloud;background screening providers;platforms enabling specific searches such as filtering of specifically required skill sets   marketing technology platforms and suppliers;
outsourced payroll providers;
it support;
storage service providers including cloud;
background screening providers;
platforms enabling specific searches such as filtering of specifically required skill sets
marketing technology platforms and suppliers;
legal and professional advisers;
insurers;
automated decisions
we may use software to review the personal data of individuals recorded on our database, or who have applied for specific roles. the software may determine suitability for a specific role via targeted questions relating to the role, and/or may identify and select individual personal information according to the stored characteristics. for example, the software may enable us to quickly identify individuals from our database who have specific skills, e.g. an engineer and exclude individuals whose characteristics do not match particular requirements of a job role.
where we use software to assist us with our assessment of your suitability for a particular job role and you consider that any such assessment has been made wrongly or incorrectly, you may ask for an explanation.

section 2: this section applies where you are an individual working for a client or third party with whom we have dealings or whose data we receive from candidates or staff. it therefore applies to clients, referees, referrals, suppliers (such as management companies, accountants, background check companies etc) or payroll companies.
we may collect your personal data in the course of our dealings and this may include the following:
your contact information, which may include your full name, job role, contact telephone number and email
your statements and opinions about candidates and/or other personnel e.g. a reference
information relating to our relationship with you or the party for whom you work including records of any meetings or discussions
your marketing preferences
we may obtain your personal data from the following sources (please note that this list is not exhaustive):
you, including where you have provided us with your contact details or other information for the purposes of using our services
staff or other representatives of the organisation you represent
candidates
marketing databases or third-party market research and by analysing online and offline media (which we may do ourselves, or employ other organisations to do for us)
social media
the public domain
conversations, with you or others (such as referees or clients), on the telephone or video conferencing or in meetings
notes following a conversation, with you or others, or meetings/events
how we will use your personal data:
we will process your personal data in the context of our dealings with the third party for whom you work and as part of our services. processing may include:
collecting and storing your personal data, whether in manual or electronic files
using the data to communicate with you
sending information to third parties with whom we have or intend to enter into arrangements which are related to our services
actions necessary to further any obligation on us pursuant to a contract between ourselves and the third party you work for
collating market or sector-specific information and providing the same to our clients
providing information to regulatory authorities or statutory bodies and our legal or other professional advisers including insurers
retaining records of our dealings with you and the organisation whom you represent
establishing quality, training and compliance with our obligations and best practice
carrying out customer satisfaction / client and project rating surveys
to market our services
for the purposes of backing up information on our computer system.
why we process your personal data:
1. compliance with legal obligations (regulatory and statutory obligations) or performance of a contract
where we are currently working with you on a contracting assignment, or have worked with you in the past, the lawful basis for us using your data is that the processing is necessary for the performance of a contract or to comply with a legal obligation.
we must comply with a number of statutory provisions when providing our services, which necessitate the processing of personal data. these include (for the purposes of english law) the conduct of employment agencies and employment businesses regulations 2003, which amongst other things requires us to assess suitability of candidates and obtain information from clients.
we are also required to comply with statutory and regulatory obligations relating to business generally, including for example tax, bribery and fraud/crime prevention legislation, and co-operating with regulatory authorities such as hmrc or other tax authorities.
2. our legitimate interests (carrying on the commercial activity of our services):
in providing our services, we will carry out some processing of personal data  which is necessary for the purpose of our legitimate interests, which include:
using your personal data: to contact you regarding our services to assess the suitability of candidates and roles, for example, referencing or other feedback  to collate market information or trends including providing analysis to potential or actual clientsas otherwise necessary to provide our services and/or to meet our obligations towards either the party whom you represent, or other clients or suppliers to personalise your experience and our offering, whether via our website or otherwise
to contact you regarding our services
to assess the suitability of candidates and roles, for example, referencing or other feedback
to collate market information or trends including providing analysis to potential or actual clients
as otherwise necessary to provide our services and/or to meet our obligations towards either the party whom you represent, or other clients or suppliers
to personalise your experience and our offering, whether via our website or otherwise
retaining records of our dealings and transactions and where applicable, use such records for the purposes of:establishing compliance with contractual obligations with clients or suppliers addressing any query or dispute that may arise including establishing, exercising or defending any legal claimsprotecting our reputationmaintaining a back up of our system, solely for the purpose of being able to restore the system to a particular point in the event of a system failure or security breach evaluating quality and compliance including compliance with this privacy notice determining staff training and system requirements
establishing compliance with contractual obligations with clients or suppliers
addressing any query or dispute that may arise including establishing, exercising or defending any legal claims
protecting our reputation
maintaining a back up of our system, solely for the purpose of being able to restore the system to a particular point in the event of a system failure or security breach
evaluating quality and compliance including compliance with this privacy notice
determining staff training and system requirements
for our commercial viability and to pursue these legitimate interests, we may continue to process your personal information for as long as we consider reasonably appropriate for these purposes.
3. consent
we may process your personal data on the basis that you have consented to us doing so for a specific purpose, for example, if you have provided your contact details in order that we may use these to provide you with details of our services you may have consented to our processing of the data for that purpose. in other cases you may have provided your written or verbal consent to the use of your data for a specific reason, for example references.
you may withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data for a particular purpose at any stage. however, please note that we may continue to retain, or otherwise use your personal information thereafter where we have a legitimate interest or a legal or contractual obligation to do so. our processing in that respect will be limited to what is necessary in furtherance of those interests or obligations.  withdrawal of consent will not have any effect on the lawfulness of any processing based on consent before its withdrawal.
what if we obtain your personal data from a third party?
part of our business activity involves researching information for the purposes of finding and filling job roles. this may include obtaining personal data from sources including job boards, advertisements, linkedin or other social media, some information being publicly available but others being from sites or providers to which we subscribe. from time to time we may also receive personal data about you from hiring organisations, colleagues and former employers, or from persons for whom you have provided services or been otherwise engaged with.
where information from third party sources is of no use to us we shall discard it, however we may maintain a limited record in order to avoid the duplication of process. where we consider that information may be of use to us in pursuance of the provision of our services, any processing will be in accordance with this privacy notice. you do have the right to object to processing, please see section 4 ‘your rights’.
sensitive personal data (spd)
sensitive personal data is information which is intensely personal to you and is usually irrelevant to our dealings with you in respect of our services. examples of spd include information which reveals your political, religious or philosophical beliefs, sexual orientation, race or ethnic origin, or information relating to your health.
regardless of the basis for your dealings with us, we request that you do not provide us with any sensitive personal data unless absolutely necessary. however, to the extent that you do provide us with any sensitive personal data, such as data which you choose to share with us in conversation, we shall only use that personal data for the purposes of our relationship with you or for the provision of our services. this will be for one or more of the following reasons:
you have explicitly consented to the processing
where processing is necessary for the purpose of obligations or rights under employment, social security   or social protection law
to maintain records of our dealings to address any later dispute, including but not limited  to the establishment, exercise or defence of any legal claims
who we share personal data with:
we shall not share your personal information unless we are legally entitled or required to do so. the following is thus a non-exhaustive list of persons with whom we may share your personal information:
candidates and other third parties necessary for the provision of our services
any regulatory authority or statutory body pursuant to a request for information or any legal obligation which applies to us
parties who process data on our behalf, which may include outsourced payroll providersit supportstorage service providers including cloud providersbackground screening providers
outsourced payroll providers
it support
storage service providers including cloud providers
background screening providers
marketing technology platforms and suppliers legal and professional advisers
insurers

section 3:  this section applies to all personal data
transfer of data to other jurisdictions
in the course of the provision of our recruitment services we may transfer data to countries or international organisations outside of the eea. this may, for example, be between k2 entities across the world, to clients or candidates, or third parties who provide support services to us.  where information is to be so transferred, it may be to a country in respect of which there is an adequacy decision from the eu commission. however, if this is not the case, it is our policy to take steps to identify risks and in so far as is reasonably practicable, ensure that appropriate safeguards are in place designed to help safeguard your privacy rights and give you remedies in the unlikely event of a misuse of your personal information, such as for example:
– by way of data transfer agreement, incorporating the current standard contractual clauses adopted by the european commission for the transfer of personal data by data controllers in the eea to data controllers and processors in jurisdictions without adequate data protection laws; or
– to organisations that are signed up to the eu-u.s. privacy shield framework for the transfer of personal data from entities in the eu to entities in the united states of america or any equivalent agreement in respect of other jurisdictions; or
– where it is necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between ourselves and a third party and the transfer is in your interests for the purposes of that contract; or
– where you have consented to the data transfer.
if you do not wish to provide us with necessary data
there may be circumstances where we require you to provide data which is necessary in order for us to meet statutory or contractual obligations, or perform our services. if you do not wish to provide us with information we request then please notify us. however, please be aware that as a result, we may be unable to provide you or the party who you represent with a service, and in some cases may result in a breach of the contract we have with you or a third party you represent.
group companies & transfer
although this privacy notice applies to us your data may be accessible to, and shared with other organisations within our group including kili bidco ltd, kili midco ltd, kili topco ltd, kilimanjaro (gsy) ltd, k2 partnering solutions ltd, k2 human capital solutions ltd, madison kay ltd, k2 partnering solutions deutschland gmbh, k2 partnering solutions sa, partners k2 ag, k2 partnering solutions s.l., k2 partnering solutions llc, k2 partnering solutions limited (italian branch), k2 partnering solutions italy srl., k2 partnering solutions s.r.o., k2 partnering solutions pte ltd, k2 partnering solutions india private limited,  k2 business consulting (shanghai) company limited, k2 partnering solutions, k.k., k2 partnering solutions do brasil consultoria em tecnologia da informação ltda.,. k2 partnering solutions do brasil consultoria em tecnologia da informação ltda. (curitiba branch) , k2 human capital solutions, inc., k2 partnering solutions, inc., k2 partnering solutions (west), inc. k2 partnering solutions, inc. (boston branch), k2 partnering solutions (west), inc. (san francisco branch), k2 partnering solutions (west), inc. (dallas branch), k2 partnering solutions de méxico, s. de r.l. de c.v, k2 partnering solutions s.a.s, k2 partnering solutions pty ltd for any of the purposes set out within this privacy notice, or where we have shared administration systems and staff.
in the event  of a sale, merger, liquidation, receivership or the transfer of all or part of our assets to a third party, we may need to transfer your information to a third party. any transfer will be subject to the agreement of the third party to this privacy notice and any processing being only in accordance with this privacy notice.
data security and confidentiality
it is our policy to ensure, in so far as is reasonably practicable, that our systems and records are secure and not accessible to unauthorised third parties in line with contemporary practice.
cookies
a cookie is a small file of letters and numbers that is downloaded on to your computer when you visit a website, which enables the website to tailor its offerings to your preferences when you visit it.
k2 uses cookies to evaluate website visits. a cookie is a small file which is transferred onto your computer when you visit this website. a cookie can only contain such information that k2 sends to your computer – private data cannot be read with cookies. if you accept the cookies on our website we do not have access to your personal data but we can identify your computer. most browsers accept cookies as standard. you can, by accessing the properties function, accept or reject temporary or saved cookies separately. if you deactivate cookies, you might not be able to see all features on our website and some website might not be displayed properly.
google analytics
this website uses google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. (“google”). google analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyse how users use the site. the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website (including your ip address) will be transmitted to and stored by google on servers in the united states.in case of activation of the ip anonymisation, google will truncate/anonymise the last octet of the ip address for member states of the european union as well as for other parties to the agreement on the european economic area. only in exceptional cases, the full ip address is sent to and shortened by google servers in the usa.
on behalf of the website provider, google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, compiling reports on website activity for website operators and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website provider. google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google.
you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser. however, please note that if you do this, you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website.furthermore, you can prevent google’s collection and use of data (cookies and ip address) by downloading and installing the browser plug-in.
you can refuse the use of google analytics by clicking on the following link. an opt-out cookie will be set on the computer, which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website: disable google analytics
further information concerning the terms and conditions of use and data privacy can be found at http://www.google.com/analytics/terms/gb.html or at https://www.google.de/intl/en_uk/policies/. please note that on our website, google analytics code is supplemented by “gat._anonymizeip();” to ensure an anonymized collection of ip addresses (so called ip-masking).
social media plugins
we currently use the following social media plug-ins: facebook, instagram, youtube (google), twitter and linkedin. we apply the 2-click solution in this regard. this means that if you are visiting our site, no personal data will generally be transferred. only when you click onto one of the plug-ins, data will be transferred to the relevant social media provider. you can recognise the provider by the markings in the black bar at the top of this site as well as in the grey bar at the bottom of the site by their initials.
when the plug-in is activated, the relevant provider receives the information that your browser has opened the relevant page on our website, even if you do not have an account with this provider, or if you do have an account, then even if you are not logged into your account. this information will be transferred directly to a server of the provider in the usa and stored there.
if you are logged into your account, the relevant provider can allocate your visit to our website to your account with this provider. if you interact with the plug-in (for example by commenting), this information will also be transferred to a server of the provider and stored there. the information will further be displayed on the website of the provider and visible to your contacts. if you do not want this to happen, you have to log off your account before you click on the plug-in of the provider.the social media provider can use the data for the purposes of advertising, market research and tailored use of its website. for this purpose the provider creates a user, interest and relationship profile to, for example, analyse the usage of our website, to inform other users about your activities on our website and to provide further services linked to the provider.
we expressly declare not to have knowledge of the content of the transferred data as well as their use by the relevant social media provider.
purpose and extent of the data collection and further processing and use of data by the social media provider as well as the corresponding rights and settings to protect your privacy can be found in the following data protection declarations of the relevant provider:
twitter inc., twitter, inc. 1355 market st, suite 900, san francisco, ca 94103, usa;  http://twitter.com/privacy
facebook inc., 1601 s california ave, palo alto, california 94304, usa; http://www.facebook.com/policy.php/
youtube, llc, 901 cherry ave., san bruno, ca 94066, usa and google inc., 1600 amphitheater parkway, mountainview, california 94043, usa; http://www.google.com/int/de/+/policy/+1button.html
linkedin corporation, 2029 stierlin court, mountain view, california 94043, usa; http://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy/
instagram, inc., 181 south park, san francisco, california 51107; http://instagram.com/about/legal/privacy/
retaining your data
in most circumstances your data will not be retained for more than 6 years from the last point at which we provided any services or otherwise engaged with you and it is our policy to only store your personal  data for as long as is reasonably necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations and for our legitimate business interests. however, we may retain data for longer than a 6 year period where we have a legal or contractual obligation to do so, or we form the view that there is otherwise a continued basis to do so, for example where your personal information identifies specialist skill sets which may remain in demand, or we are subject to a legal obligation which applies for a longer period.
if however, you believe that we should delete your personal data at an earlier date, please inform us in writing of your reasons.  please see section 4 ‘your rights’ below.

section 4:  your rights
we take the protection of your personal data very seriously and it is important that you know your rights within that context, which include rights to:
request a copy of the personal data that we hold
object to our processing of your data where that processing is based upon legitimate interest and there are no compelling grounds for the continued processing of that data
request that we restrict processing of your data in certain circumstances
request that data is erased where the continued use of that data cannot be justified
object to any decision, which significantly affects you, being taken solely by a computer or via another automated process
withdraw your consent to our processing of your personal data for a particular purpose at any stage. however, please note that we may continue to retain, or otherwise use your personal information thereafter where we have a legitimate interest or a legal or contractual obligation to do so. our processing in that respect will be limited to what is necessary in furtherance of those interests or obligations
request that inaccurate or incomplete data is rectified
request that data provided directly by you and processed by automated means is transferred to you or another controller; this right only being applicable where our processing of your data is based either on your consent or in performance of a contract
make a complaint to the information commissioner’s office request that direct marketing by us to you is stopped.
please note that should you exercise your right to request that we erase data or cease any processing activity, we may retain a record of this request and the action taken in order to both evidence our compliance, and to take steps to minimise the prospect of any data being processed in the future should it be received again from a third party source.
if you would like to exercise any of those rights, please:
email our data protection officer on dataprotection@k2partnering.com or write to us at 55 old broad st, london ec2m 1rx, united kingdom and mark your correspondence to the attention of the data protection officer.
let us have enough information to identify you (eg full name and other identifying details such as the circumstances under which we had dealings with you),
let us have proof of your identity and address (a copy of your driving licence or passport and a recent utility or credit card bill), and
let us know the information to which your request relates, including any account or reference numbers, if you have them.
if you would like to unsubscribe from any email newsletter you can also click on the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of the email newsletter. it may take a few days for this to take place.
for california residents:
if you have any questions about our privacy policy or have any other enquiries, including requesting a copy or deletion of your data, in addition to submitting your requests at dataprotection@k2partnering.com, you can also call our toll-free line at 1-866-i-opt-out and enter our service code 318 and/or fill the form provided on this link.
selling of data: ccpa provides californian consumers with a right to opt-out from the selling of their data. k2 does not sell personal data to third parties, and therefore, there is no need to enable californian consumers to opt-out from this option, as required by ccpa.

complaints
if you are dissatisfied about any aspect of the way in which your data is processed you may, in the first instance refer the matter to the dpo at dataprotection@k2partnering.com. we hope that our data protection officer can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information. please refer to our complaints policy on our website www.k2partnering.com. this does not affect your right to lodge a complaint with a national supervisory authority, in particular in the european union (or european economic area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred.
the european union supervisory authority selected by k2 is “garante per la protezione dei dati personali”, which can be contacted at urp@gpdp.it.
the supervisory authority in the uk is the information commissioner who may be contacted at https://ico.org.uk/concerns/.
changes to this privacy notice
this privacy notice was last updated in february 2021.
this privacy notice is regularly reviewed and may be updated from time to time to reflect changes in our business, or legal or commercial practice.  where an update is relevant to our processing of your data, we shall notify you of the same.
copyright © lawspeed ltd 2018
contact k2 now
services
technologies
our team
education & training
k2 konnect
k2 sap learning hub
k2 blog
contact us
proud to support

k2 imprint
equal opportunities
data protection and privacy policy
complaints policy
slavery and human trafficking statement
supplier code of conduct
staff code of conduct policy
environmental policy
site map
linkedin
twitter
facebook
instagram
youtube
rss
© 1997-2022 k2 partnering solutions



https://www.linkedin.com/company/k2-partnering-solutions
https://www.twitter.com/
https://www.facebook.com/k2partneringsolutions
english
español (spanish)
português (portuguese (brazil))
français (french)
简体中文 (chinese (simplified))
