privacy policy
effective date: november 1, 2020in this policy ("us", "we", or "our") refer to k2 data limited, and we operate k2data.co.uk website, and the data we collect and hold for you for and from market research studies online (the "service").k2 data limited is an independent market research firm based in london, uk. we take the privacy of all users of our website and research participants very seriously.this page informs you of the principles governing our use of personal data and help you understand who we are and how we work.this policy applies to the data collected by the k2 data limited website and to the data we collect and hold for you for and from market research studies online.
types of data collected
our research is conducted on behalf of a range of clients, we only carry out market research projects and your participation in our studies will never result in sales or marketing communication from us, our clients, or any linked third-party.while using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("personal data"). personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:
email address
first name and last name
phone number
cookies and usage data
usage data
usage data may include information such as your device's internet protocol address (e.g. ip address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.when you access the service by or through a mobile device, we may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device you use, your mobile device unique id, the ip address of your mobile device, your mobile operating system, the type of mobile internet browser you use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.we may also collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our service or when you access the service by or through a mobile device.
tracking technologies and cookies
we use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our service and store certain information. tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyse our service. the technologies we use may include:
session cookies. we use session cookies to operate our service.
preference cookies. we use preference cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
security cookies. we use security cookies for security purposes.
use of data
we use the collected data for various purposes:
to provide and maintain the service
to notify you about changes to our service
to allow you to participate in interactive features of our service when you choose to do so
to provide customer care and support
to provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the service
to monitor the usage of the service
to detect, prevent and address technical issues
survey data collection
all data collection is carried out using systems that are based within the united kingdom. only authorised employees can access the data for analysis and quality purposes, the end client would normally have access to the finalised survey data sets.
transfer of data
your information, including personal data, may be transferred to - and maintained on - computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.if you are located outside united kingdom and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including personal data, to united kingdom and process it there.your consent to this privacy policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.we will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this privacy policy and no transfer of your personal data will take place to an organisation or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of your data and other personal information.
disclosure of data
we may disclose your personal data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary:
to comply with a legal obligation
to protect and defend the rights or property of k2 data limited
to prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the service
to protect the personal safety of users of the service or the public
to protect against legal liability
security of data
the security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. while we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your personal data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
confidentiality
we will treat all responses that you give with confidentiality, we include your responses in a list with all the other participants and report this in a file to our client where you are not identifiable. in some situations we may ask you if you would like your responses to be attributed to you specifically (this is normally to help the client respond or address any of responses where necessary) where this maybe the case we will only do this with your consent, you also have the right to refuse this option.at no point will any of the information that you have provided be utilised for any other purpose other than that of research.
legal basis
gdpr lays out the lawful basis for which processing personal data can be legally carried out. our legal basis for processing personal information is agreed with our clients beforehand which enables us to carry out market research, this is normally either legitimate interest of our client (the data controller) or by the use of consent. in certain cases, another basis would be used where we may undertake research for a public authority, the lawful basis would be public interest. in all cases this would be clearly defined, and you would be informed of which basis is applicable, you can also find out more from the ico website.
exercising your rights
under the data protection act and the new general data protection regulation as produced by the eu article 29 working party, you have the following rights:
right to access
right to portability
right to erasure of any personal data
right to restrict the processing
right to object to the processing
right to withdraw consent
to rectify data held
if you would like to exercise any of these rights, you can do so by contacting us at hello@k2data.co.uk.
children's privacy
we will always gain prior parental consent before conduct any surveys with children.
service providers
we may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our services ("service providers"), to provide the service on our behalf, to perform service-related services or to assist us in analysing how our service is used.these third parties have access to your personal data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.
links to other sites
our service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. if you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of every site you visit.we have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.
amendments to this policy
from time to time, we may need or choose to amend this policy. if we change this policy in ways that affect how we use your personal data, we will post a notice on our website to advise you of this change. you are advised to review this privacy policy periodically for any changes. changes to this privacy policy are effective when they are posted on this page.
contact us
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us at hello@k2data.co.uk.
