documentationkaazing.iokwgkwic
downloadskaazing client sdkskaazing gatewaykwic
companycontact ussupport
documentationkaazing.iokwgkwic
downloadskaazing client sdkskaazing gatewaykwic
companycontact ussupport
privacy statement for kaazing corporation
scope of this notice
this privacy statement is intended to describe kaazing’s privacy practices with respect to information collected on our websites located at https://kaazing.com and websocket.org (our “sites”), and provide information about the choices you have regarding the ways in which information collected by kaazing is used and disclosed.
please note that our co-branded websites (websites where kaazing has presented content together with one or more of our business partners) may be governed by additional or different privacy provisions.
our commitment to privacy
at kaazing, your privacy is important to us. to better protect your privacy, we have provided this statement explaining our information practices and the choices you can make about the way your personal information is collected, used and disclosed.
the information we collect
this privacy statement applies to all information collected by or submitted to kaazing on our sites, including personal information. “personal information” is data that reasonably can be used to identify or describe an individual.
kaazing collects personal information when:
you create a user account to become a member of kaazing.com or other kaazing websites;
you make online purchases;
you register products online;
you request support for a kaazing product;
you register for webinars;
you request information or materials (e.g., whitepapers);
you participate in surveys and evaluations;
you participate in promotions, contests or giveaways;
you submit questions or comments to us.
the types of personal information collected may include (but are not limited to):
your first and last name;
your title and your company’s name;
your home, billing, or other physical address (including street name, name of a city or town, state/province);
your e-mail address;
your telephone number;
any other identifier that permits kaazing to make physical or online contact with you;
any information that kaazing collects and maintains in association with your account, such as your username, your password, and your credit card account information.
using your personal information
kaazing uses your personal information primarily to provide you with our products and services and to provide customized content on our sites that are of interest to you. the information is also used to verify your authority to access our sites and to contact you when reasonably necessary. kaazing may also use any information you have provided as reasonably necessary to administer or provide customer support, and to provide you with periodic printed or e-mail communications about new products and services, discounts, special promotions or upcoming events. we also use this personal information to provide you with information related to your account and the products or services you purchased from us, to better understand your needs and interests, to improve our service, and to personalize communications.
for example, kaazing uses the personal information you provide to:
create and maintain your accounts;
process, fulfill, and follow-up on your orders;
register your products;
answer your questions;
register you in programs (per your request);
send you information;
send you surveys.
sharing your personal information
kaazing may disclose your personal information to third parties under any of the following circumstances:
as may be required to fulfill orders, to conduct billing/credit card processing, to provide service, and for e-mail housing (as a consequence of uses already described in this privacy statement).
as required by law (such as responding to a valid subpoena, warrant, audit, or agency action, or to prevent fraud). for research activities, including the production of statistical reports (such aggregated information is used to describe our services to current and prospective partners and other third parties, and is not used to contact the subjects of the report).
in the context of a business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, consolidation, or divestiture.
in addition, with your assent, our business partners may send you such information.kaazing may also contract with various third parties who help us provide and maintain our sites and our products and services. for example, we use a third-party to process payments made to us, and may subcontract out production, fulfillment, or other operations. in these cases, we will use commercially reasonable efforts to prevent such third parties from disclosing your personal information, except for the purpose of providing the services in question.
your choices about receiving e-mail
kaazing takes effort to provide you with the ability to opt-in and opt-out of receiving communications from kaazing and/or its partners.
kaazing may send you e-mail about your account, about the products you have purchased, to remind you about a webcast for which you have registered or a service you have purchased, or in response to your questions. kaazing may also send you e-mail with information and/or special offers about products and services that may be of interest to you, unless you indicate that you do not want to receive them.
you may let us know whether or not you would like to receive information, special offers, and promotional materials from kaazing or our business partners when you create a kaazing.com account, when you register for a service, when you provide us with your personal information, or when we send you e-mail. please note that if you choose not to accept promotional e-mails, you may not receive special offers that may be of value to you.
kaazing provides you with the opportunity to opt-out of any of our direct marketing communications. all promotional e-mail sent from kaazing will contain a provision allowing you the option to decline receiving future promotional e-mail. to unsubscribe from receiving future e-mails, click on the ‘manage your subscriptions’ link at the bottom of any kaazing campaign e-mail.
for your protection, kaazing may contact you in the event that we find an issue with a product or service you have purchased that requires your immediate attention.
cookies and other browser information
our websites automatically captures ip addresses. we use ip addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer our websites, to use for demonstration purposes, and to help ensure the security of your interaction with the websites. your ip address is used to help identify you and your shopping cart.
as part of offering and providing customizable and personalized services, kaazing uses cookies to store and sometimes track information about you. a cookie is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer’s hard drive. all sections of kaazing.com/.org where you are prompted to log in or that are customizable require your browser to accept cookies. if you disable cookies in your browser this and other functionality on the sites will not be available to you.
if you do not want your personal information to be stored by cookies, you can configure your browser so that it rejects these cookies or asks you each time if you accept them or not. however, you must understand that the use of cookies may be necessary to provide certain products or services, and choosing to reject cookies will reduce the performance and functionality of the sites. your browser documentation includes precise instructions explaining how to define the acceptance of cookies.
public forums reminder
our sites often make chat rooms, forums, wikis, message boards, and/or news groups available to its users. please remember that any information that is disclosed public areas of our sites becomes public information, and will not be subject to this privacy statement. exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information. although we value individual ideas and encourage free expression, kaazing reserves the right to take necessary action to preserve the forum’s integrity, such as removing any posting that is vulgar or inappropriate.
our commitment to children’s online privacy
users must be 13 years of age or older to create an account. kaazing has no interest in collecting information from persons under 13 years of age.
about links to other sites
these sites contain links to other sites. kaazing does not control the information collection of sites that can be reached through links from redhat.com. if you have questions about the data collection procedures of linked sites, please contact those companies directly.
how to access, modify or update your information
kaazing gives you the ability to access, modify or update your information. after logging in, you may edit your information including login/password, contact information, general preferences and other personalization settings.
legal notices
this privacy statement is subject to the terms in our terms of service, including terms regarding limitations on damages, disclaimers of warranties, and resolution of disputes. our terms of use take precedence over any conflicting provision in this privacy policy. this privacy policy is governed by the laws of the state of california, excluding any conflicts of law principles. any legal actions against kaazing must be commenced in the state of california within one year after the claim arose.
how to contact us
if you have any questions about any of these practices or kaazing’s use of your personal information, please feel free to contact us by web, or by mail at:
kaazing corporation
legal affairs
6001 america center drive, suite 250
san jose, ca  95002
kaazing will work with you to resolve any concerns you may have about this statement.
changes to this privacy statement
kaazing reserves the right to change this privacy statement, and will post any revisions on our sites. we encourage you to review this privacy statement regularly for any changes. your continued use of the sites will be subject to the then-current privacy statement.
this privacy statement was last amended on september 22, 2015.
kaazing gateway and log4j vulnerability cve-2021-44228
december 14, 2021
the version of log4j (1.2.17, also referred to as log4j1) used in the kaazing gateway/kwic is not affected by the vulnerability in cve-2021-44228.              as stated by apache here https://logging.apache.org/log4j/2.x/security.html, "log4j 1.x is not impacted by this vulnerability".official statements from microsoft and amazon regarding their use of log4j1:
microsoft: https://msrc-blog.microsoft.com/2021/12/11/microsofts-response-to-cve-2021-44228-apache-log4j2/, "systems running on log4j 1.x are not impacted by these vulnerabilities."
amazon: amazon is using log4j version 1.2.17 for amazon kafka in their msk product, which they have stated here https://aws.amazon.com/security/security-bulletins/aws-2021-006/, 		 "please note that the builds of apache kafka and apache zookeeper offered in msk currently use log4j 1.2.17, which is not affected by this issue."
the use of log4j 1.2.17 in kaazing gateway/kwic is not impacted by cve-2021-44228.  we have no current plans to upgrade from log4j1 to log4j2.
cve-2021-4104 (published 12/14/2021) - https://www.cvedetails.com/cve/cve-2021-4104/at the time of publication, we reviewed the cve and found that this issue only affects the applications that use the jmsappender class. the gateway does not use the jmsappender class, thus the gateway is unaffected by this cve.cve-2019-17571 (published 12/20/2019) - https://www.cvedetails.com/cve/cve-2019-17571/at the time of publication, we reviewed the cve and found that this issue only affects the applications that use the socketserver class. the gateway does not use the socketserver class, thus the gateway is unaffected by this cve.
kaazing. all rights reserved.
