primary navigation
services
industries
people
about
offices
secondary navigation
careers
resources
client access
primary navigation
people
about
offices
services
expand/collapse services   services audit, assurance & accounting tax services management consulting wealth management
audit, assurance & accounting
tax services
management consulting
wealth management
industries
expand/collapse industries   industries aggroup associations charitable & not-for-profit organizations closely-held business construction dealerships death care employee benefits plans estates & trusts financial institutions gaming government entities healthcare providers & medical practices insurance manufacturing & distribution religious organizations retail workforce development
aggroup
associations
charitable & not-for-profit organizations
closely-held business
construction
dealerships
death care
employee benefits plans
estates & trusts
financial institutions
gaming
government entities
healthcare providers & medical practices
insurance
manufacturing & distribution
religious organizations
retail
workforce development
secondary navigation
client access
careers
resources
social navigation
facebook
linkedin
privacy policy
we care about your privacy
effective date: january 1, 2014 and revised august 1, 2020
welcome to the web site for kerber, eck & braeckel llp and keb asset management, llc - also referred to hereinafter as the “firm”.  as providers of personal financial services that involve obtaining personal – and sometimes, sensitive – information, we are now required by law to inform our clients of our policies regarding privacy of client information. the firm takes your privacy very seriously.  we share a commitment to protect your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal financial information. the firm applies professional standards of confidentiality that are even more stringent than those required by law. therefore, protecting the confidentiality of that information has been, and will continue to be, a top priority for the firm.
types of nonpublic information we collect
we collect nonpublic personal information about you that is provided to us by you or obtained by us with your authorization. information may be learned directly from you, from brokerage statements or other information you authorize us to receive, or from information we receive from you on applications or other forms.
in common with other websites, log files are stored on the web server saving details such as the visitor's ip address, browser type, referring page and time of visit. cookies may be used to remember visitor preferences when interacting with the website.  where registration is required, the visitor's email and a username will be stored on the server.
parties to whom we disclose information
for current and former clients, we do not disclose any nonpublic personal information with any affiliated or non-affiliated parties except as required by law, as authorized by you, or as may be required to carry out the services for which you have contracted with us. your information is only shared with our employees who need access to perform such services for you.
protecting the confidentiality and security of current and former clients’ information
we retain records relating to professional services that we provide so that we are better able to assist you with your professional needs and, in some cases, to comply with professional guidelines.  in order to guard your nonpublic personal information, we maintain physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards that comply with our professional standards.
your choice to limit marketing by our affiliate(s)
you may limit our affiliates from marketing their products or services to you based on information that we share with them, such as your income and your account history. your decision to limit marketing offers from our affiliates will apply for 5 years. once that period expires, you will be allowed to extend your decision. this limitation does not apply in certain circumstances, such as if you currently do business with one of our affiliates or if you ask to receive information or offers from them.
cookies
cookies are small digital signature files that are stored by your web browser that allow your preferences to be recorded when visiting the website. also they may be used to track your return visits to the website.  3rd party advertising companies may also use cookies for tracking purposes.
contacting us
if you have questions about these terms of use, the privacy policy for this site, or any other questions concerning this site, please contact us at office locations.
how can we help you?
we’re a people-first team and we’d love to get to know you. connect with your local keb office today.
newsletter
offices
il columbia harrisburg litchfield marion o’fallon springfield
columbia
harrisburg
litchfield
marion
o’fallon
springfield
mo cape girardeau st. louis
cape girardeau
st. louis
wi milwaukee
milwaukee
tertiary navigation
legal notices
privacy policy
keb crs form
keb adv form
social media navigation
facebook
linkedin
© 2022 keb - kerber, eck & braeckel llpall rights reserved
