expertise
projects
insidelapp
contact
english
deutsch
polski
privacy policy
data protection policysec. 1 information on the collection of personal data
(1) this section provides information on the collection of personal data when using our website. personal data is defined as any information that refers to you personally, e.g. name, address, email addresses, user behavior.
(2) the person responsible pursuant to art. 4 (7) eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) is
u.i. lapp gmbh, schulze-delitzsch-straße 25, 70565 stuttgart, info@lappkabel.com (see our imprint for further information). you may contact our data protection officer at our postal address, adding „data protection officer“ or write in accordance with our contact details stated in sec. 20.
(3) if, due to specific functions of our offer we need to refer to commissioned service providers or wish to use your data for commercial purposes, we inform you below in detail concerning respective processes stating, at the same time, defined criteria of the storage period.

sec. 2 your rights
(1) with regard to our company and your personal data, you have the following rights:
the right of informationthe right to correction or deletionthe right to restriction or processingthe right to object against processingthe right to data portability
(2) in addition, you have the right to lodge a complaint against us with any data protection supervisory authority concerning our processing of your personal data. a competent authority is der landesbeauftragte für den datenschutz baden-württemberg, postfach 102932, 70025 stuttgart, www.baden.wuerttemberg.datenschutz.de

sec. 3 collection of personal data on visiting our website
(1) if the website is used for merely informational purposes i.e. you do not register on the website or send us other information, we inherit only those personal data that your browser transmits to our server. on visiting our website, we collect the following data which are technically required for us to display our website to you and to guarantee stability and security (legal basis is art. 6 (1) p. 1 lit. f gdpr):
ip address
date and time of inquiry
time zone difference compared to greenwich mean time (gmt)
request content (defined page)
access status/http status code
respective data volume transmitted
website making the request
browser
operating system and its interface
language and browser software version
(2) when using our website, and in addition to the above mentioned data, cookies are stored on your computer. cookies are small text files which, on your hard drive, are stored after being allocated to the browser you use and by which the site placing the cookie (i.e. us) has certain information sent back to it. cookies cannot execute any programs nor transfer any viruses onto your computer. their purpose is to make your online presence overall more user-friendly and more effective.

sec. 3a use of cookies
(1) a cookie is a small data package (text file) that your browser stores on your device when instructed to do so by a visited website in order to “remember” information about you, such as your language settings or login information. we use cookies for the following purposes (the individual cookies are described below in detail):
absolutely necessary cookies, these are necessary for the function of the site, for example for the allocation of a shopping cart. they cannot be deactivated in your systems. as a rule, these cookies are only set in response to actions taken by you that correspond to a service request, such as updating your privacy settings, logging in or filling out forms. you can set your browser to block these cookies or to notify you about these cookies. however, some areas of the website may not function properly without them.
performance cookies are used to determine how well the site performs on different browsers and to determine if there are any problems with load times. this enables us to make technical improvements to the website. these cookies enable us to count visits and traffic sources so that we can measure and improve the performance of our website. they also help us to answer questions concerning which pages are most popular, which are least used and how visitors navigate on the website. all information collected by these cookies is aggregated and is therefore at least pseudonymous. if you do not allow these cookies, we cannot know when you visited our website.functional cookies are not absolutely necessary for the functioning of the site, but they make the use of the site more comfortable. with these cookies the website is able to provide extended functionality and personalization. they can be set by us or by third parties whose services we use on our pages. if you do not allow these cookies, some or all of these services may not function properly, but you may still be able to use the site.
advertising cookies / cookies for marketing purposes enable us to track user behavior on the site and to display appropriate offers, as well as to identify problems with user navigation. these cookies can be set by our advertising partners via our website. they may be used by these companies to create a profile of your interests and to show you relevant ads on other websites. they do not store personal information directly, but are based on a unique identification of your browser and internet device. if you do not allow these cookies, you will see less targeted advertising.
these are the categories of cookies shown in the table below.
(2) in addition, we distinguish two types of cookies, first party and third party cookies.
first party cookies (also: 1st party cookies) are set exclusively by this website and originate exclusively from us. they are stored locally on your computer and enable us to recognize you when you visit our website again. however, this is only possible for us, third parties neither receive information from the cookie nor do we pass the information on to third parties. the purpose of first party cookies is to obtain meaningful information about the use of the site. if you do not set this in your browser accordingly, first party cookies will not be blocked. third party cookies (3rd party) are those that are set by third parties.
(3) further information on cookies can also be found in those sections of this privacy policy that refer to the corresponding software.
(4) in order to provide you with up-to-date information about which cookies are actually used on this website, we have a tool in use that regularly determines the cookies used and lists them below.

(5) you can configure your browser settings according to your wishes and for example, refuse to accept third-party cookies or all cookies. please note that if you refuse cookies, you may not be able to use all the features of this website.
(6) if a cookie in the list is designated as a flash cookie, it will not be stored by your browser, but by your flash plug-in. if you do not want flash cookies to be processed, you must configure your browser accordingly. we also recommend that you regularly delete your cookies and browser history manually.

sec. 4 further website functions and offers, purposes of data use
(1) we partly use external service providers for the processing of your data. those providers are carefully selected and commissioned by us. they are bound to our directives and are regularly monitored.
(2) if our service providers or partners are headquartered in a state outside the european economic area (eea), we are going to keep you informed about any consequences of these circumstances in the description of our offer.
3) comment functionwhen users leave comments or other contributions, their ip addresses are stored for 7 days on the basis of our legitimate interests as defined in art. 6 (1) lit. f. gdpr are stored for 7 days. this is done for our security in case someone leaves unlawful content in comments and posts (insults, prohibited political propaganda, etc.). in this case, we ourselves can be prosecuted for the comment or post and are therefore interested in the identity of the author.

sec. 5 objection or revocation against processing of your data
(1) if you have granted your consent to the processing of your data, you may revoke your consent at any time. such revocation will impact the processing admissibility of your personal data after stating it.
(2) you may object against the processing inasmuch as we base the processing of personal data on a balance of interests. this would be the case if processing is not required to fulfill a contract with you; this is outlined in detail in the following description of functions. on objecting we would request a statement of reasons as to why our company may not process personal data as usual. in the event of your justified objection, we shall look into the matter and will either terminate or adjust data processing, or explain to you our compelling and legitimate grounds as to why processing will be continued.
(3) you may, of course, object at any time against the processing of your personal data for advertising or data analysis purposes. you may send your objection against advertising to the following address: u.i.lapp(at)walliser-datenschutz.de

sec. 6 service providers: hosting and operation of the website, technical service providers
in the context of contract processing, the data is stored on the servers of lapp service gmbh.

sec. 7 website optimization econda
for the demand-oriented design and optimization of this website, solutions and technologies of econda gmbh (econda gmbhzimmerstr.6, 76137 karlsruhe, http://www.econda.de) collects and stores pseudonymised data and creates user profiles from this data using pseudonyms. econda anonymises the data already at the time of collection by shortening the ip address, therefore if used as intended it is not possible for econda to assign the data to a specific user. the anonymized data remains on the econda servers (only in germany) and can only be viewed there by us. this aggregated data enables us to analyse e.g. visitor flows and click paths without being able to assign them to a specific user. for this purpose, cookies can be used which enable the recognition of an internet browser. however, user profiles are not merged with data on the bearer of the pseudonym without the visitor’s express consent. in particular, ip addresses are rendered unrecognisable immediately after receipt, which makes it impossible to assign user profiles to ip addresses. visitors to this website can object to this data collection and storage for the future at any time here.https://www.econda.de/en/data-storage-opt-out/
the data is stored for a period of ten years.you can find out more about econda’s data protection under this link: https://www.econda.de/en/data-protection/

sec. 8 storage period of personal data
unless stated to the contrary, the criterion decisive for our stipulating of storage periods is the respective statutory safekeeping period. data are deleted after such period has expired, provided they are no longer needed for contract performance or contract initiation.

sec. 9 legal or contractual rules on the provision of personal data
the provision of personal data is partly prescribed by law, e.g. tax regulations, or may be the result of contractual arrangements (e.g. statements concerning a contractual party). when signing a contract it may sometimes be necessary for data subjects to place their personal data at our disposal which, at a later stage, need to be processed by our company. for example, the data subject may be under obligation to make personal data available to us when our company signs a contract with them. a consequence of non-provision of personal data would be that no contract might be signed with the data subject. data subjects must contact a member of our staff prior to such person making personal data available. in every individual case, our employee will advise data subjects if the provision of personal data is legally or contractually prescribed or required for signing a contract. he will also inform on possibly existing obligations to provide personal data and possible consequences of not providing personal data.

sec. 10 automated decision-making
there will be no automated decision-making or profiling.

sec. 11 legal basis as per art. 6 (i) lit. f gdpr, our legitimate interests in processing
processing procedures may ultimately be based on art. 6 (i) lit. f gdpr. processing procedures not captured by any of the legal principles stated in sec.14 rest on this legal basis, if the processing is required to protect a legitimate interest of our company or of a third party, providing the interest, fundamental rights and freedoms of data subjects do not prevail. a legitimate interest could be assumed, if the data subject is a customer of the person responsible (recital 47 sentence 2 gdpr).
if the processing of any personal data takes place on the basis of art. 6 (1) lit. f gdpr, our legitimate interest will be the performance of our business activity.

sec. 12 further information
the customer is aware that, in light of the current state of technology, no full data protection can yet be guaranteed in data transmissions via internet. as a result, and in terms of security of any data posted on the internet, the client takes full responsibility. for this reason, data subjects are at liberty to transmit their data to us via alternative options, e.g. per telephone.

sec. 13 contact with data protection officer
lapp places great value on their customers‘ trust. that is why lapp is glad to answer any questions regarding the processing of personal data. for any queries not sufficiently dealt with in this data protection declaration or if customers request further in-depth information, please contact matthias walliser, the company’s data protection officer, at u.i.lapp(at)walliser-datenschutz.de
data protection consulting wallisermatthias walliser, b.a. engineeringcertified data protection officer (udis)
altenwaldstraße 872768 reutlingen
tel. +49 7121 630 321fax: +49 7121 630 411
please also contact our data protection officer if you become aware of or suspect any personal data breaches brought about by our company.
status: 29.05.2020 version 4

sec. 14 cookie list
a cookie is a small piece of data (text file) that a website – when visited by a user – asks your browser to store on your device in order to remember information about you, such as your language preference or login information. those cookies are set by us and called first-party cookies. we also use third-party cookies – which are cookies from a domain different than the domain of the website you are visiting – for our advertising and marketing efforts. more specifically, we use cookies and other tracking technologies for the following purposes:
strictly necessary cookiesthese cookies are necessary for the website to function and cannot be switched off in our systems. they are usually only set in response to actions made by you which amount to a request for services, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. you can set your browser to block or alert you about these cookies, but some parts of the site will not then work. these cookies do not store any personally identifiable information.
performance cookiesthese cookies allow us to count visits and traffic sources so we can measure and improve the performance of our site. they help us to know which pages are the most and least popular and see how visitors move around the site. all information these cookies collect is aggregated and therefore anonymous. if you do not allow these cookies we will not know when you have visited our site, and will not be able to monitor its performance.
you can give your consent to whole categories or display further information and select certain cookies.cookie preferences
share on facebook
share on linkedin
share on twitter
share via e-mail
copy link to clipboard
share on facebook
share on linkedin
share on twitter
share via e-mail
copy link to clipboard
about lapp
the lapp group is one of the world’s leading providers of intelligent connection solutions.
lapp on twitter
lapp on facebook
lapp on linkedin
lapp on xing
lapp on youtube
lapp on instagram
contact
u.i. lapp gmbhschulze-delitzsch-strasse 25d-70565 stuttgart
telephone: +49 (711) 78 38 – 01fax: +49 (711) 78 38 – 26 40


english
deutsch
polski
imprint
privacy policy
cookie preferences
