productsmessaging channelsplatform
messaging channels
platform
solutionssalesservice
sales
service
oem
resources
pricing
my accountloginadministrator portalanswering apptrainingadministratorsagentstechnical supportconnect for salesconnect for servicesoftwaredownloads
login
administrator portal
answering app
training
administrators
agents
technical support
connect for sales
connect for service
software
downloads
privacy policy

liveperson automotive values your privacy.   this privacy policy explains what personal data we collect from you and how we use it.   this privacy policy applies if you visit liveperson automotive's corporate websites or social media or other web pages located on third-party websites, use any mobile application(s) provided by liveperson automotive or register to attend any of liveperson automotive’s corporate events.  this privacy policy also applies if you use liveperson automotive’s websites, hosted services, products, applications and/or content (collectively, the "services") directly or through a liveperson automotive customer (for example, on a liveperson automotive customer's website or mobile application).

what does liveperson automotive do?
what information do we collect from you?
how does liveperson automotive collect information from you?
how does liveperson automotive use the information it collects about me?
does liveperson automotive use cookies?
sharing of information collected
access and changes to personal data
third-party integrations
how can i review, correct, delete, transfer, or receive a copy of my information or withdraw my consent to process my personal data?
how does liveperson automotive keep my information secure?
additional mobile considerations
liveperson automotive forums and blogs
international data transfers
canadian residents
children
miscellaneous


what does liveperson automotive do?
liveperson automotive provides mobile and online messaging technologies that enable digital communication between our business customers and consumers through chat, voice, messaging and other methods.

what information do we collect from you?
if you engage with a brand that uses our services, we may collect:
chat and messaging transcripts on behalf of the brand,
information on behalf of and/or requested by the brand, such as information related to your browsing, purchasing and online behavior and activities, and
automatic information, such as ip address, operating system, geographic location information and type of device used.
if you visit our websites or use our apps, we may also collect:
information you provide to us, including:
personal information, such as your name and contact information,
surveys, transcripts and recordings of your communications with us,
information you provide on our forums and blogs
automatic information, such as:
web browser and usage information, including ip address, browser types, page view tallies, time spent on each page, page browsing information, operating system, geographic location information and type of device used.

how does liveperson automotive collect information from you?
we collect information when you engage with a brand that uses our services, which may be enabled on the brand’s website or in its mobile applications, voice or sms messaging capabilities, social media page/profile or other digital engagement solutions.
in addition, we may collect information through the following methods if you visit our websites or use our apps:
your communications with liveperson automotive,
your requests for information, news and other content,
your participation in one or more liveperson automotive forums or blogs,
a technical support request you submit,
your participation in a liveperson automotive promotion, or
recruitment and job applications.
we may also collect information from our direct interactions with you (such as through your attendance at a trade show or through sales inquiries), publicly available data or data provided by third-party sources, such as marketing opt-in lists.

how does liveperson automotive use the information it collects about me?
we use the information we collect to provide and improve our services. we process your information if you have given your consent; if it's necessary to perform a contract with you or to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract; if it's necessary to comply with legal obligations; or if it's necessary for us or a third party (such as a brand) to pursue a legitimate interest.
if you engage with a brand that uses our services, we use the information we collect on behalf of and as directed by the brand.  for example, we may use your information to determine whether to deploy a chat button to allow the brand to engage with you or to deploy content, such as a banner offering a coupon, on your browser.
if you visit our websites or use our apps, we may also use your information for the following purposes:
to deliver information requested by you, for example in response to technical support requests,
to deliver marketing or other materials to you,
for promotions you may enter into, or
if you submit a resume or cv, to considering you for employment with liveperson automotive.
liveperson automotive may retain your information for a period of time consistent with the original purpose of collection. for example, if you engage with a brand that uses our services, we may retain your information for the period of time agreed on with the brand. we may also retain your information during the period of time needed for liveperson automotive to pursue our legitimate business interests, conduct audits, comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements.

does liveperson automotive use cookies?
we may use cookies and other identification technologies for record keeping purposes and to enhance your experience, if you choose to visit our websites
cookies:cookies are small text files stored on a visitor’s web browser and applications. cookies are often used to make web-browsing easier by performing functions such as saving passwords and maintaining lists of personal preferences regarding the use of the website.
our websites, apps and services may use the following types of cookies:
strictly necessary cookies – these cookies are essential to enable you to browse our websites, apps and services and use the available features.
performance cookies – these cookies collect information about how you use our websites, apps and services. for instance, these cookies track which pages you visit most. this data may be used to help optimize our websites, apps and services and make it easier for you to navigate within them. these cookies do not collect information that identifies you; all information is aggregated and anonymous.
functionality cookies – these cookies allow our websites, apps and services to remember choices you make while browsing, such as geographic location and preferences such as text size and fonts. the information collected by these cookies will not personally identify you.
other identification technologies that may be used by liveperson automotive websites, apps and services:
pixel tags (also called beacons or pixels) – these are small blocks of code installed on (or called by) a webpage or application, which can retrieve certain information about your device and browser, including device type, operating system, browser type and version, website visited, time of visit, referring website, ip address and other similar information.
software development kits (also called sdks) - function like pixels and cookies, but operate in the mobile application context where pixels and cookies cannot always function. the application developer can install pieces of code (the sdk) into the application to collect certain information about user interaction with the application and information about the user device and network information.
third-party technologies:
liveperson automotive may use third-party service providers who are authorized to place cookies, pixel tags or similar technologies on our websites, apps and services with our permission.   these technologies help us compile metrics and analytics (without collecting personally identifiable information) to help improve our websites, apps and services.    third-party cookies and technologies are covered by the third party’s privacy policy.
your choice:
web browsers are usually set to accept cookies. however, if you prefer not to receive cookies, you typically have the option of setting your browser to refuse cookies. if your browser is set to refuse cookies, it is likely that some of the functionality offered by liveperson automotive will not be available or will not work as effectively for you.
for further information about cookies, including how to see what cookies have been set on your device and how to manage and delete them, you can visit www.allaboutcookies.org andwww.youronlinechoices.eu.
do not track
various browsers, including internet explorer, firefox and safari, currently offer a "do not track" or "dnt" option that relies on a technology that sends a signal to websites a user visits about that user’s browser dnt preferences. while liveperson automotive attempts to honor the dnt instructions received from a user’s browser, liveperson automotive cannot guarantee that it will always respond to such signals because a common industry standard for dnt has not been adopted. liveperson automotive will continue to monitor developments around dnt browser technology.

sharing of information collected
liveperson automotive does not sell, trade or rent personal information provided by you in any transcript, survey or recording for direct marketing or any other purpose, except as provided in this privacy policy or with your permission.  liveperson automotive does not disclose the contents of transcripts, surveys or recordings other than to service providers performing services on behalf of liveperson automotive, other than as provided in this privacy policy or with your permission.
brand you have engaged with through the services
if you engage with a brand that uses our services, we may also share your information with that brand.
for legal reasons
we may share your information if we reasonably believe that it:  (i) is necessary to comply with a legal process (such as a court order, subpoena, or search warrant) or other legal requirement of any governmental authority; (ii) would potentially mitigate our liability in an actual or potential lawsuit; (iii) is necessary to enforce this privacy policy or our terms of use at https://www.livepersonautomotive.com/policies/terms-of-use or any other agreement in place between you and liveperson automotive; (iv) is necessary to investigate and prevent unauthorized transactions or other illegal activities; and/or (v) is otherwise necessary or appropriate to protect our rights or property or the rights or property of any person or entity.
to deliver and improve the services
we may aggregate information so that it is not personally identifiable and use and share such aggregated information for training and quality assurance purposes and to deliver and improve our services.
service providers
we use a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in making our websites and services available to visitors and users. for example, we may share data with third parties who provide services to us, such as credit card processing services, analytics and data storage services. these third parties may access, process or store personal data in the course of providing their services.
business partners
from time to time, we may partner with other companies to allow liveperson automotive and its customers to offer integrations with our services. if you engage with a brand that uses one of these integrations,liveperson automotive may share your data with the third-party partner, receive data about you from the third-party partner, and/or combine third-party partner data about you with information about you that we collect. we do not control how a third-party partner may use your data. use of your information by the third-party partner there is governed by its privacy policies. if you do not wish for your information to be shared in this way, you may opt not to use such integrations.
affiliates
we may share your information with subsidiaries, parent companies, or other affiliates of the liveperson automotive corporate group in order to deliver and improve the services.
other third parties
the cookies section above addresses the information liveperson automotive or third parties collect through cookies, pixel tags, sdks, and similar third-party technologies and how you can control cookies through your web browsers. liveperson automotive may also disclose your personal information to any third party with your prior consent.

access and changes to personal data
if you elect to engage in any communication or engagement session with liveperson automotive or a customer that uses our services, it is up to you to decide what, if any, information to provide during such session.   depending on your request, it may not be possible for us or our customer to address all of your questions without further information from you.  nevertheless, if you do not wish to provide certain information, then you should not do so.
third-party integrations
from time to time, we may partner with other companies to allow liveperson automotive and its customers to offer integrations with our services.  if you engage with a brand that uses one of these integrations, liveperson automotive may share your data with the third-party partner, receive data about you from the third-party partner, and/or combine third-party partner data about you with information about you that we collect.  we do not control how a third-party partner may use your data.    use of your information by the third-party partner there is governed by its privacy policies.  if you do not wish for your information to be shared in this way, you may opt not to use such integrations.

how can i review, correct, delete, transfer, or receive a copy of my information or withdraw my consent to process my information?
if you have opted-in to receive liveperson automotive’s marketing or advertising communications, you may, at any time, opt out of receiving further communications by clicking on the opt-out link at the bottom of a marketing or advertising email you receive.   you may also contact us at privacy@contactatonce.com to opt out or to request changes to your personal information.
you may request to review, correct, delete, transfer, or receive a copy of any of the personal information you’ve provided to a brand that uses the services or withdraw your consent to liveperson automotive processing your personal data by either contacting the brand directly or by contacting us at privacy@contactatonce.com, and we will respond within 30 days and can help coordinate with and support the brand as needed to respond to your request.
if you believe that we have not been able to assist you with your inquiry, and you are located in the european economic area, you have the right to file a complaint with the relevant supervisory authority.

how does liveperson automotive keep my information secure?
we use security measures designed to protect against the loss, misuse and alteration of the information under our control.    for certain liveperson automotive services, chat/messaging transcripts are encrypted during transmission.   in addition, transcripts that we store are maintained and archived on secure, hardened servers that are hosted on highly secure data centers. access to this data is protected by multiple layers of controls, including firewalls, role-based access controls, authentication mechanisms and monitoring. data is backed up, and archives are stored off-site in a secure location.
if you are communicating with a brand that uses our services, you should review the privacy practices of that brand to understand which security measures they use.

additional mobile considerations
in addition to the other terms in this policy, if you use our mobile application(s), access our mobile-optimized websites or have a conversation with a liveperson automotive customer that uses our services in its mobile application(s), we may receive information about your location and your mobile device, including a unique identifier for your device. most mobile phones allow you to control or disable location services in the device’s settings menu. if you have questions about how to turn off location services, please contact your mobile phone manufacturer or mobile service carrier. you may also choose to allow our mobile application(s) to access features available on your device, such as the device’s camera and microphone, or to access the data stored on your device, such as photos and videos, to share such media while using the application(s).
if you have opted-in to receive sms messages from liveperson automotive, you may opt out by following the opt-out instructions that we provide or by contacting us at privacy@contactatonce.com.
if you have opted-in to receive sms messages from one of our customers, you may opt out by following the opt-out instructions provided by the brand you are communicating with or by contacting the brand.  you may also contact us at privacy@contactatonce.com, and we can help put you in touch with the brand regarding your request.

liveperson automotive forums and blogs
information that you share on liveperson automotive forums or blogs becomes publicly available and therefore may be read, collected, copied and used by other users for any purposes at their discretion.  because this information is publicly available, liveperson automotive’s privacy obligations outlined in this privacy policy do not apply to your use of any such forums or blogs.

international data transfers
if you are located outside of the united states, please note that we may transfer your personal data outside your country of origin.   by providing or making available your personal data, you consent to that transfer. based on applicable laws in your country of residence, you may have certain rights with respect to your personal data that we retain.
we will take steps to ensure that your data is subject to appropriate safeguards required under this privacy policy, applicable data protection laws, and appropriate legally recognized data transfer adequacy mechanisms such as the european commission-approved standard contractual clauses related to transfers of personal information outside of the eu (available at http://ec.europa.eu/justice/dataprotection/internationaltransfers/transfer/index_en.html).
we use a limited number of third-party service providers to assist us in making our websites and services available to visitors and users.   for example, we may share data with third parties who provide services to us, such as credit card processing services, analytics and data storage services.   these third parties may access, process or store personal data in the course of providing their services. we currently maintain contracts with these third parties restricting their access, use and disclosure of personal data.
eu individuals have the right to access personal data about them, and to limit use and disclosure of their personal data.   liveperson automotive has committed to respect those rights.   because our personnel has limited ability to access personal data our customers submit through our services, if you wish to request access to or to limit use and/or disclosure of your personal data, please contact us with the name of the liveperson automotive customer through which you used our services.   we will refer your request to that customer, and will support them as needed in responding to your request.
any inquiries or complaints regarding our data privacy practices may be directed to privacy@contactatonce.com or to our external data protection officer prof. dr. christoph bauer at eprivacy gmbh at große bleichen 21, 20354 hamburg, germany   we will respond within 30 days and provide appropriate recourse at no cost to you. if we fail to respond within that time, or if our response does not address your concern, you may contact the appropropriate data privacy authorities.
our eu representative is liveperson netherlands b.v. located at herengracht 124, 1015bt amsterdam, the netherlands. further, our uk representative is liveperson (uk) limited located at 16 great queen street, london ec2b 5dg, united kingdom.

canadian residents
canadian individuals are entitled to submit a request to consult and access their personal information held by us. they can also request the rectification of their personal information if it is inaccurate, incomplete or ambiguous, or if the collection, disclosure or retention thereof is not authorized by law.
if you have any questions concerning this policy, or about the collection, use or disclosure of your personal information, or if you wish to make a request for access to, or to rectify, your personal information, please contact to us at privacy@contactatonce.com
we will respond to any request for access or rectification within 30 days of the date your written request is received. in the event of a refusal to provide or correct the information, we will inform you of the grounds for our refusal, subject to any restrictions provided by law, and inform you of your recourses.

children
the services are not directed to individuals under 18. if you are under the age of 18, you may not use the services or provide any personal information to us without a valid parental or legal guardian consent. liveperson automotive does not knowingly collect personal information from individuals under the age of 18. if you are a parent of an individual under 18 and believe your child has provided personal information to liveperson automotive, or if you are a california resident under the age of 18 and wish to remove content you have made publicly available, please contact us at privacy@contactatonce.com, where you may request to exercise your applicable access, rectification, cancellation, and/or objection rights. liveperson automotivereserves the right to immediately delete the information of any individual, to the extent permitted by law, who it believes is under the age of 18.

miscellaneous
we recommend that you review this privacy policy periodically, as we may update it from time to time. your use of our websites, apps and services, as applicable, constitutes your consent to the new privacy policy to the fullest extent permitted by law.
we recommend that you review this privacy policy periodically, as we may update it from time to time.    we encourage your use of our websites, apps and services, as applicable, constitutes your consent to the new privacy policy to the fullest extent permitted by law.
we are not responsible for and do not control the privacy practices of any of our customers or any other third party.  we encourage you to review the privacy practices of each third party.  we welcome your feedback on our privacy policy.  please send any comments or questions by email to privacy@contactatonce.com or by mail to liveperson automotive llc, attn: legal department – privacy, 475 tenth ave., 5th floor, new york, ny 10018. you can also contact our external data protection officer prof. dr. christoph bauer at große bleichen 21, 20354 hamburg, germany.

updated on june 16, 2021.


copyright © , liveperson automotive, llc, a liveperson company · about · careers · corporate governance · privacy policy · terms of use
