privacy policy
lumex (itwecs) respects the privacy rights and interests of each customer. lumex  will observe the principles when processing your personal information fairly and lawfully. we take the protection of personal data very seriously. we want you to know when we are storing your data, what data we are storing and how we are using it.
personal information you provide to us through our site.  we may collect and store personal information that you choose to voluntarily provide to us when you provide it through the site. the types of personal information may include:
company name, contact name, job title, company website, country, business type, email, telephone number, fax number, address
other personal information you may include in content you submit on the site.
cookie:  there is a technology called "cookie" which is an element of data that a website can send to your browser which may then store on your system. some site pages use cookies so that we can better serve you when you return to our site. you can set your browser to notify you when you receive a cookie, giving the chance to decide whether to accept it. we use track id (cookies) to collect and store information when you visit our website; the information is saved at amazon web services (aws) and used to identify your browser or device. cookies do not harm your computer and do not contain any viruses. cookies help make our website more user-friendly, efficient, and secure. cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and saved by your browser. using cookies enables us to provide you with certain features and provides us with information regarding website visits.
web analysis with google analytics  we use google analytics to analyze user activity in order to improve the website. for example, using google analytics cookies we can look at aggregate patterns like the average number of searches that users perform, what keywords users searched, countries and languages. we can use such analysis to gain insights about how to improve the functionality and experience of the website. you can visit google analytics’ privacy policy at:  https://policies.google.com/technologies/cookies
your information collected from other technologies  besides cookies, we use other technologies to improve your user experience and the overall quality of our services by collecting the information below:  [site visitor] visited website (url)  [site visitor] ip address  [site visitor] internet connection device brand, model and os  [site visitor] internet connection device browser, resolution, color  [site visitor] geoip  [site visitor] isp
how we use your personal information lumex  will supply information on our products or any other professional information based on inquiries received. without your explicit consent or a legal basis, your personal data or browse history are not passed on to third parties outside the scope. part of the data is collected to ensure the proper functioning of the website. other data can be used to analyze how visitors use the site.
information, blocking, deletion  as permitted by law, you have the right to be provided at any time with information free of charge about any of your personal data that is stored as well as its origin, the recipient and the purpose for which it has been processed. you also have the right to have this data corrected, blocked or deleted. you can contact us (lmxsales@itwecs.com) at any time using the address given in our legal notice if you have further questions on the topic of personal data. all the collected information is saved for 24 months on amazon web services (aws) and regularly deleted every month.
the protection of your personal data  your personal data is stored on amazon web services (aws). aws announces cispe membership and compliance with first-ever code of conduct for data protection in the cloud.
information security  we use standard security technology ssl or https standard technology for keeping an internet connection secure and safeguarding any sensitive data that is being sent between two systems, preventing criminals from reading and modifying any information transferred, including potential personal details.
changes to this privacy policy  we may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. if we make any material changes we will notify you by email (sent to the e-mail address specified in your account) or by means of a notice on this website prior to the change becoming effective.
contact us  if you have any questions about how we protect your personal information, please contact us: contact:  itw ecs privacy policy team email:lmxsales@itwecs.comtel: 800-278-5666
