search form
home
about usabout midwiveswho is mana?mana core documentsmana historyboard of directorsmana staff
about midwives
who is mana?mana core documentsmana history
mana core documents
mana history
board of directorsmana staff
mana staff
what we doadvocacyhealth policytools for advocacymidwives save liveshow to find and afford a lawyerposition papersunderstanding relative risks in the community birth settingreproductive health statementreproductive health statement iiresearchmana statsnews and articles from mana dorhomebirth: an annotated guide to the literatureeducationbecome a midwifecultural competencysocial justicesaving our babiescommunity
advocacyhealth policytools for advocacymidwives save liveshow to find and afford a lawyerposition papersunderstanding relative risks in the community birth settingreproductive health statementreproductive health statement ii
health policy
tools for advocacymidwives save lives
midwives save lives
how to find and afford a lawyer
position papersunderstanding relative risks in the community birth settingreproductive health statementreproductive health statement ii
understanding relative risks in the community birth setting
reproductive health statement
reproductive health statement ii
researchmana statsnews and articles from mana dorhomebirth: an annotated guide to the literature
mana stats
news and articles from mana dor
homebirth: an annotated guide to the literature
educationbecome a midwifecultural competencysocial justicesaving our babies
become a midwife
cultural competencysocial justicesaving our babies
social justicesaving our babies
saving our babies
community
newslatest newsnewsletter archive
latest news
newsletter archive
blogsearch the blogonline community guidelines
search the blog
online community guidelines
events/conferencesfuture eventspast eventsmana 2021: midwifery: traditions & transformations
future events
past events
mana 2021: midwifery: traditions & transformations
membershipmana member benefitsjoin manarenew an existing membershipmember dashboard
mana member benefits
join mana
renew an existing membership
member dashboard
supportadvertise with usdonatefoundation for the advancement of midwifery
advertise with us
donate
foundation for the advancement of midwifery
mana privacy policy
you are here:
home
privacy policy of mana.org
this application collects some personal data from its users.
owner and data controller
midwives alliance of north america
owner contact email: contact@mana.org
types of data collected
among the types of personal data that this application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: cookies; usage data; unique device identifiers for advertising (google advertiser id or idfa, for example); email address.
complete details on each type of personal data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the data collection.personal data may be freely provided by the user, or, in case of usage data, collected automatically when using this application.unless specified otherwise, all data requested by this application is mandatory and failure to provide this data may make it impossible for this application to provide its services. in cases where this application specifically states that some data is not mandatory, users are free not to communicate this data without consequences to the availability or the functioning of the service.users who are uncertain about which personal data is mandatory are welcome to contact the owner.any use of cookies – or of other tracking tools – by this application or by the owners of third-party services used by this application serves the purpose of providing the service required by the user, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the cookie policy, if available.
users are responsible for any third-party personal data obtained, published or shared through this application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the data to the owner.
mode and place of processing the data
methods of processing
the owner takes appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the data.the data processing is carried out using computers and/or it enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. in addition to the owner, in some cases, the data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of this application (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, it companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as data processors by the owner. the updated list of these parties may be requested from the owner at any time.
legal basis of processing
the owner may process personal data relating to users if one of the following applies:
users have given their consent for one or more specific purposes. note: under some legislations the owner may be allowed to process personal data until the user objects to such processing (“opt-out”), without having to rely on consent or any other of the following legal bases. this, however, does not apply, whenever the processing of personal data is subject to european data protection law;
provision of data is necessary for the performance of an agreement with the user and/or for any pre-contractual obligations thereof;
processing is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation to which the owner is subject;
processing is related to a task that is carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the owner;
processing is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the owner or by a third party.
in any case, the owner will gladly help to clarify the specific legal basis that applies to the processing, and in particular whether the provision of personal data is a statutory or contractual requirement, or a requirement necessary to enter into a contract.
place
the data is processed at the owner's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located.
depending on the user's location, data transfers may involve transferring the user's data to a country other than their own. to find out more about the place of processing of such transferred data, users can check the section containing details about the processing of personal data.
users are also entitled to learn about the legal basis of data transfers to a country outside the european union or to any international organization governed by public international law or set up by two or more countries, such as the un, and about the security measures taken by the owner to safeguard their data.
if any such transfer takes place, users can find out more by checking the relevant sections of this document or inquire with the owner using the information provided in the contact section.
retention time
personal data shall be processed and stored for as long as required by the purpose they have been collected for.
therefore:
personal data collected for purposes related to the performance of a contract between the owner and the user shall be retained until such contract has been fully performed.
personal data collected for the purposes of the owner’s legitimate interests shall be retained as long as needed to fulfill such purposes. users may find specific information regarding the legitimate interests pursued by the owner within the relevant sections of this document or by contacting the owner.
the owner may be allowed to retain personal data for a longer period whenever the user has given consent to such processing, as long as such consent is not withdrawn. furthermore, the owner may be obliged to retain personal data for a longer period whenever required to do so for the performance of a legal obligation or upon order of an authority.
once the retention period expires, personal data shall be deleted. therefore, the right to access, the right to erasure, the right to rectification and the right to data portability cannot be enforced after expiration of the retention period.
the purposes of processing
the data concerning the user is collected to allow the owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: analytics, advertising, remarketing and behavioral targeting and managing contacts and sending messages.
users can find further detailed information about such purposes of processing and about the specific personal data used for each purpose in the respective sections of this document.
detailed information on the processing of personal data
personal data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:
advertising -this type of service allows user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this application, possibly based on user interests.	this does not mean that all personal data are used for this purpose. information and conditions of use are shown below.	some of the services listed below may use cookies to identify users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the user’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this application. for more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.	in addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the user may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page.facebook audience network (facebook, inc.)facebook audience network is an advertising service provided by facebook, inc. in order to understand facebook's use of data, consult facebook's data policy.this application may use identifiers for mobile devices (including android advertising id or advertising identifier for ios, respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the facebook audience network service. one of the ways audience network shows ads is by using the user's ad preferences. the user can control this in the facebook ad settings.users may opt-out of certain audience network targeting through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other audience network related sections of this privacy policy, if available.personal data collected: cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (google advertiser id or idfa, for example); usage data.place of processing: usa - privacy policy opt out
advertising -
this type of service allows user data to be utilized for advertising communication purposes displayed in the form of banners and other advertisements on this application, possibly based on user interests.	this does not mean that all personal data are used for this purpose. information and conditions of use are shown below.	some of the services listed below may use cookies to identify users or they may use the behavioral retargeting technique, i.e. displaying ads tailored to the user’s interests and behavior, including those detected outside this application. for more information, please check the privacy policies of the relevant services.	in addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the user may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page.
facebook audience network (facebook, inc.)
facebook audience network is an advertising service provided by facebook, inc. in order to understand facebook's use of data, consult facebook's data policy.
this application may use identifiers for mobile devices (including android advertising id or advertising identifier for ios, respectively) and technologies similar to cookies to run the facebook audience network service. one of the ways audience network shows ads is by using the user's ad preferences. the user can control this in the facebook ad settings.
users may opt-out of certain audience network targeting through applicable device settings, such as the device advertising settings for mobile phones or by following the instructions in other audience network related sections of this privacy policy, if available.
personal data collected: cookies; unique device identifiers for advertising (google advertiser id or idfa, for example); usage data.
place of processing: usa - privacy policy opt out
analytics -the services contained in this section enable the owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of user behavior.facebook ads conversion tracking (facebook pixel) (facebook, inc.)facebook ads conversion tracking (facebook pixel) is an analytics service provided by facebook, inc. that connects data from the facebook advertising network with actions performed on this application. the facebook pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on facebook, instagram and audience network.personal data collected: cookies; usage data.place of processing: usgoogle analytics (google inc.)google analytics is a web analysis service provided by google inc. (“google”). google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other google services.	google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.personal data collected: cookies; usage data.place of processing: us privacy policy  opt out
analytics -
the services contained in this section enable the owner to monitor and analyze web traffic and can be used to keep track of user behavior.
facebook ads conversion tracking (facebook pixel) (facebook, inc.)
facebook ads conversion tracking (facebook pixel) is an analytics service provided by facebook, inc. that connects data from the facebook advertising network with actions performed on this application. the facebook pixel tracks conversions that can be attributed to ads on facebook, instagram and audience network.
personal data collected: cookies; usage data.
place of processing: us
google analytics (google inc.)
google analytics is a web analysis service provided by google inc. (“google”). google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of this application, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other google services.	google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
personal data collected: cookies; usage data.
place of processing: us privacy policy  opt out
managing contacts and sending messages -this type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the user.	these services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the user, as well as when the user interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.mailchimp (the rocket science group, llc.)mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by the rocket science group, llc.personal data collected: email address.place of processing: us  - privacy policy. privacy shield participant.
managing contacts and sending messages -
this type of service makes it possible to manage a database of email contacts, phone contacts or any other contact information to communicate with the user.	these services may also collect data concerning the date and time when the message was viewed by the user, as well as when the user interacted with it, such as by clicking on links included in the message.
mailchimp (the rocket science group, llc.)
mailchimp is an email address management and message sending service provided by the rocket science group, llc.
personal data collected: email address.
place of processing: us  - privacy policy. privacy shield participant.
remarketing and behavioral targetingthis type of service allows this application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this application by the user.	this activity is performed by tracking usage data and by using cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.	in addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the user may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page.facebook custom audience (facebook, inc.)facebook custom audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by facebook, inc. that connects the activity of this application with the facebook advertising network.personal data collected: cookies; email address.place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out.facebook remarketing (facebook, inc.)facebook remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by facebook, inc. that connects the activity of this application with the facebook advertising network.personal data collected: cookies; usage data.place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out.
remarketing and behavioral targeting
this type of service allows this application and its partners to inform, optimize and serve advertising based on past use of this application by the user.	this activity is performed by tracking usage data and by using cookies, information that is transferred to the partners that manage the remarketing and behavioral targeting activity.	in addition to any opt out offered by any of the services below, the user may opt out of a third-party service's use of cookies by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page.
facebook custom audience (facebook, inc.)
facebook custom audience is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by facebook, inc. that connects the activity of this application with the facebook advertising network.
personal data collected: cookies; email address.
place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out.
facebook remarketing (facebook, inc.)
facebook remarketing is a remarketing and behavioral targeting service provided by facebook, inc. that connects the activity of this application with the facebook advertising network.
personal data collected: cookies; usage data.
place of processing: us – privacy policy – opt out.
the rights of users
users may exercise certain rights regarding their data processed by the owner.
in particular, users have the right to do the following:
withdraw their consent at any time. users have the right to withdraw consent where they have previously given their consent to the processing of their personal data.
object to processing of their data. users have the right to object to the processing of their data if the processing is carried out on a legal basis other than consent. further details are provided in the dedicated section below.
access their data. users have the right to learn if data is being processed by the owner, obtain disclosure regarding certain aspects of the processing and obtain a copy of the data undergoing processing.
verify and seek rectification. users have the right to verify the accuracy of their data and ask for it to be updated or corrected.
restrict the processing of their data. users have the right, under certain circumstances, to restrict the processing of their data. in this case, the owner will not process their data for any purpose other than storing it.
have their personal data deleted or otherwise removed. users have the right, under certain circumstances, to obtain the erasure of their data from the owner.
receive their data and have it transferred to another controller. users have the right to receive their data in a structured, commonly used and machine readable format and, if technically feasible, to have it transmitted to another controller without any hindrance. this provision is applicable provided that the data is processed by automated means and that the processing is based on the user's consent, on a contract which the user is part of or on pre-contractual obligations thereof.
lodge a complaint. users have the right to bring a claim before their competent data protection authority.
details about the right to object to processing
where personal data is processed for a public interest, in the exercise of an official authority vested in the owner or for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by the owner, users may object to such processing by providing a ground related to their particular situation to justify the objection.
users must know that, however, should their personal data be processed for direct marketing purposes, they can object to that processing at any time without providing any justification. to learn, whether the owner is processing personal data for direct marketing purposes, users may refer to the relevant sections of this document.
how to exercise these rights
any requests to exercise user rights can be directed to the owner through the contact details provided in this document. these requests can be exercised free of charge and will be addressed by the owner as early as possible and always within one month.
additional information about data collection and processing
legal action
the user's personal data may be used for legal purposes by the owner in court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this application or the related services.the user declares to be aware that the owner may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.
additional information about user's personal data
in addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this application may provide the user with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of personal data upon request.
system logs and maintenance
for operation and maintenance purposes, this application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this application (system logs) use other personal data (such as the ip address) for this purpose.
information not contained in this policy
more details concerning the collection or processing of personal data may be requested from the owner at any time. please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.
how “do not track” requests are handled
this application does not support “do not track” requests.to determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the “do not track” requests, please read their privacy policies.
changes to this privacy policy
the owner reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its users on this page and possibly within this application and/or - as far as technically and legally feasible - sending a notice to users via any contact information available to the owner. it is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom.
should the changes affect processing activities performed on the basis of the user’s consent, the owner shall collect new consent from the user, where required.
definition and legal references
personal data (or data)
any information that directly, indirectly, or in connection with other information — including a personal identification number — allows for the identification or identifiability of a natural person.
usage data
information collected automatically through this application (or third-party services employed in this application), which can include: the ip addresses or domain names of the computers utilized by the users who use this application, the uri addresses (uniform resource identifier), the time of the request, the method utilized to submit the request to the server, the size of the file received in response, the numerical code indicating the status of the server's answer (successful outcome, error, etc.), the country of origin, the features of the browser and the operating system utilized by the user, the various time details per visit (e.g., the time spent on each page within the application) and the details about the path followed within the application with special reference to the sequence of pages visited, and other parameters about the device operating system and/or the user's it environment.
user
the individual using this application who, unless otherwise specified, coincides with the data subject.
data subject
the natural person to whom the personal data refers.
data processor (or data supervisor)
the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which processes personal data on behalf of the controller, as described in this privacy policy.
data controller (or owner)
the natural or legal person, public authority, agency or other body which, alone or jointly with others, determines the purposes and means of the processing of personal data, including the security measures concerning the operation and use of this application. the data controller, unless otherwise specified, is the owner of this application.
this application
the means by which the personal data of the user is collected and processed.
service
the service provided by this application as described in the relative terms (if available) and on this site/application.
european union (or eu)
unless otherwise specified, all references made within this document to the european union include all current member states to the european union and the european economic area.
cookies
small piece of data stored in the user's device.
legal information
this privacy statement has been prepared based on provisions of multiple legislations, including art. 13/14 of regulation (eu) 2016/679 (general data protection regulation).
this privacy policy relates solely to this application, if not stated otherwise within this document.
about us
the mission of the midwives alliance of north america is to unite, strengthen, support and advocate for the midwifery community and to promote educational, economic, and cultural sustainability of the midwifery profession.
the midwives alliance of north america envisions midwifery as a thriving, diverse, autonomous profession in service to families throughout north america.
donate
advertise with us
follow us
privacy policy
