

productsrf/microwave & mmwaveamplifiersamplifier gain blockscatvactive splitterscatv amplifiersfttx amplifiersdistributed amplifiershybrid amplifiershybrid amplifiers - gain blockhybrid amplifiers - limitinghybrid amplifiers - lnalinear amplifierslow noise amplifierslow phase noise amplifiersrf power amplifiersrf power amplifiers < mmicsgan power amplifiers > 5wrf power palletssilicon bipolarsilicon mosfetvariable gain amplifiersattenuatorsdigital attenuatorsfixed attenuatorsvoltage variable attenuatorsbias networkscapacitors, resistors, inductors and attenuator padscapacitorscapacitors - beam leadcapacitors - binary chipcapacitors - dc floating/rf bypass mountingcapacitors - high q mnos seriescapacitors - mns seriescapacitors - mnos seriesinductor productskv caps200 v500 v1000 vattenuator padscouplersdigital phase shiftersdiodespin diodespin limiter diodespin switch and attenuator diodesstep recovery diodesschottky diodesschottky mixer and detector diodesthz diodesvaractor tuning diodesfilters/diplexersfrequency conversiondownconverterfrequency multipliershybrid mixersmixersreceiverstransceiversup convertersfrequency generationcomb generatorsvoltage controlled oscillatorsintegrated ics & modules5g switch lna modules5g transmit/receive front end moduleshigh power switch and bias modulepower management controllerradar core chipsintegrated passive deviceslimitersphase detectorspower detectorspower dividers/combinersswitchesswitch driversswitches-dpdtswitches-limiterswitches-spstswitches-spdtswitches-sp3tswitches-sp4tswitches-sp5tswitches-sp6tswitches-sp8ttransformers/balunsopticalclock & data recoveryhigh speed optical receiver modules10g apd photoreceivers10g pin photoreceivers32g/bs productshigh speed photodetectorshigh speed photoreceiverslasers2.5g distributed feedback lasers10g distributed feedback lasers25g distributed feedback lasers10g febry-perot lasers25g fabry-perot laserslaser and modulator driversled/laser drivers for displayoptical post amplifiersphotodiodes10g apd photodiodes25g apd photodiodes50/100g pam4 pin photodiodes transimpedance amplifierstransimpedance amplifiers - client sidetransimpedance amplifiers - coherenttransimpedance amplifiers - optimized client side networkingbroadcast videohdcctv deviceshdcctv cable drivershdcctv cable equalizershdcctv reclockerssdi productssdi cable driverssdi cable equalizerssdi reclockerscrosspoints and signal conditionerscrosspoint switchessignal conditionerslinear equalizers network connectivity solutionsethernet macsec phyethernet phyotn: framer/mapper/fecprocessorscommunications processorscarrier convergence processorsenterprise voice & data processorsvoipembedded processors
amplifiersamplifier gain blockscatvactive splitterscatv amplifiersfttx amplifiersdistributed amplifiershybrid amplifiershybrid amplifiers - gain blockhybrid amplifiers - limitinghybrid amplifiers - lnalinear amplifierslow noise amplifierslow phase noise amplifiersrf power amplifiersrf power amplifiers < mmicsgan power amplifiers > 5wrf power palletssilicon bipolarsilicon mosfetvariable gain amplifiers
amplifier gain blocks
catvactive splitterscatv amplifiersfttx amplifiers
active splitters
catv amplifiers
fttx amplifiers
distributed amplifiers
hybrid amplifiershybrid amplifiers - gain blockhybrid amplifiers - limitinghybrid amplifiers - lna
hybrid amplifiers - gain block
hybrid amplifiers - limiting
hybrid amplifiers - lna
linear amplifiers
low noise amplifiers
low phase noise amplifiers
rf power amplifiersrf power amplifiers < mmicsgan power amplifiers > 5wrf power palletssilicon bipolarsilicon mosfet
rf power amplifiers < mmics
gan power amplifiers > 5w
rf power pallets
silicon bipolar
silicon mosfet
variable gain amplifiers
attenuatorsdigital attenuatorsfixed attenuatorsvoltage variable attenuators
digital attenuators
fixed attenuators
voltage variable attenuators
bias networks
capacitors, resistors, inductors and attenuator padscapacitorscapacitors - beam leadcapacitors - binary chipcapacitors - dc floating/rf bypass mountingcapacitors - high q mnos seriescapacitors - mns seriescapacitors - mnos seriesinductor productskv caps200 v500 v1000 vattenuator pads
capacitorscapacitors - beam leadcapacitors - binary chipcapacitors - dc floating/rf bypass mountingcapacitors - high q mnos seriescapacitors - mns seriescapacitors - mnos series
capacitors - beam lead
capacitors - binary chip
capacitors - dc floating/rf bypass mounting
capacitors - high q mnos series
capacitors - mns series
capacitors - mnos series
inductor products
kv caps200 v500 v1000 v
200 v
500 v
1000 v
attenuator pads
couplers
digital phase shifters
diodespin diodespin limiter diodespin switch and attenuator diodesstep recovery diodesschottky diodesschottky mixer and detector diodesthz diodesvaractor tuning diodes
pin diodespin limiter diodespin switch and attenuator diodes
pin limiter diodes
pin switch and attenuator diodes
step recovery diodes
schottky diodesschottky mixer and detector diodesthz diodes
schottky mixer and detector diodes
thz diodes
varactor tuning diodes
filters/diplexers
frequency conversiondownconverterfrequency multipliershybrid mixersmixersreceiverstransceiversup converters
downconverter
frequency multipliers
hybrid mixers
mixers
receivers
transceivers
up converters
frequency generationcomb generatorsvoltage controlled oscillators
comb generators
voltage controlled oscillators
integrated ics & modules5g switch lna modules5g transmit/receive front end moduleshigh power switch and bias modulepower management controllerradar core chips
5g switch lna modules
5g transmit/receive front end modules
high power switch and bias module
power management controller
radar core chips
integrated passive devices
limiters
phase detectors
power detectors
power dividers/combiners
switchesswitch driversswitches-dpdtswitches-limiterswitches-spstswitches-spdtswitches-sp3tswitches-sp4tswitches-sp5tswitches-sp6tswitches-sp8t
switch drivers
switches-dpdt
switches-limiter
switches-spst
switches-spdt
switches-sp3t
switches-sp4t
switches-sp5t
switches-sp6t
switches-sp8t
transformers/baluns
clock & data recovery
high speed optical receiver modules10g apd photoreceivers10g pin photoreceivers32g/bs productshigh speed photodetectorshigh speed photoreceivers
10g apd photoreceivers
10g pin photoreceivers
32g/bs products
high speed photodetectors
high speed photoreceivers
lasers2.5g distributed feedback lasers10g distributed feedback lasers25g distributed feedback lasers10g febry-perot lasers25g fabry-perot lasers
2.5g distributed feedback lasers
10g distributed feedback lasers
25g distributed feedback lasers
10g febry-perot lasers
25g fabry-perot lasers
laser and modulator drivers
led/laser drivers for display
optical post amplifiers
photodiodes10g apd photodiodes25g apd photodiodes50/100g pam4 pin photodiodes
10g apd photodiodes
25g apd photodiodes
50/100g pam4 pin photodiodes
transimpedance amplifierstransimpedance amplifiers - client sidetransimpedance amplifiers - coherenttransimpedance amplifiers - optimized client side
transimpedance amplifiers - client side
transimpedance amplifiers - coherent
transimpedance amplifiers - optimized client side
broadcast videohdcctv deviceshdcctv cable drivershdcctv cable equalizershdcctv reclockerssdi productssdi cable driverssdi cable equalizerssdi reclockers
hdcctv deviceshdcctv cable drivershdcctv cable equalizershdcctv reclockers
hdcctv cable drivers
hdcctv cable equalizers
hdcctv reclockers
sdi productssdi cable driverssdi cable equalizerssdi reclockers
sdi cable drivers
sdi cable equalizers
sdi reclockers
crosspoints and signal conditionerscrosspoint switchessignal conditioners
crosspoint switches
signal conditioners
linear equalizers
network connectivity solutionsethernet macsec phyethernet phyotn: framer/mapper/fec
ethernet macsec phy
ethernet phy
otn: framer/mapper/fec
processorscommunications processorscarrier convergence processorsenterprise voice & data processorsvoipembedded processors
communications processorscarrier convergence processorsenterprise voice & data processorsvoip
carrier convergence processors
enterprise voice & data processors
voip
embedded processors
foundry & design services
quality & reliability
support
recently viewed products
privacy policy
home
privacy policy
macom technology solutions privacy policy

macom technology solutions inc. and its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “macom”, “we” or “us”) are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy.
this privacy policy describes the different ways in which we collect, use, and disclose personal information about individuals who interact with us, such as our website visitors, customers, business partners, leads and prospects, and recipients of marketing communications (“you” and “your”). please read the following carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
if you are in the european economic area (“eea”), for the purposes of applicable data protection laws, we are the data controller.
you can contact us at any time via email to privacy@macom.com.
1  personal information we collect and how we use it
1.1  we collect and process personal information about you in a variety of ways depending on the context. in general, we obtain information from the following categories of sources:
(a)  information you give to us (such as when you create an account, register for our services, or correspond with us by phone, e-mail or otherwise);
(b)  information we automatically collect from the use of cookies and other similar technologies in connection with our websites, social media pages, online advertisements, and marketing or sales communications; and
(c)  information we receive from other sources (such as sub-contractors in technical, payment and delivery services, advertising networks, analytics providers and search information providers).
1.2  the following provides examples of the type of personal information we collect and how we use that information.
technical information, including the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and
technical information, including the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and version, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform; and
information about your visit, including the full uniform resource locators (url) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); items you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
information about your visit, including the full uniform resource locators (url) clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time); items you viewed or searched for; page response times, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks, and mouse-overs); and methods used to browse away from the page and any phone number used to call our customer service number.
job applicants
1.3  in addition to the purposes and uses described above, we use information we collect about you in the following ways:
(a)  to carry out our contractual obligations arising from any contracts entered into between you or your organization and us for any of our services.
(b)  to provide you product or other information that you or your organization requests from us.
(c)  subject to your consent, to provide you with information about other services we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about.
(d)  to notify you about changes to our products and services.
(e)  to administer our site and for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical and survey purposes.
(f)  to improve our site to ensure that content is presented in the most effective manner for you and for your computer.
(g)  to allow you to participate in interactive features of our website when you choose to do so.
(h)  as part of our efforts to keep our site safe and secure.
(i)  as we believe to be necessary or appropriate to: (i) comply with judicial proceedings, court orders or legal processes or to respond to proper governmental request or investigation; (ii) detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (iii) protect against malicious, deceptive, fraudulent, or illegal activity, including attempts to manipulate or violate our policies, procedures, and terms and conditions; and (iv) to protect yours, ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
(j)  for such other purposes as you may consent (from time to time) or as otherwise permitted or required by applicable law.
we may combine this information with information you give to us and information we collect about you. we may us this information and the combined information for the purposes set out above (depending on the types of information we receive).
2  disclosure of your personal information
2.1  we may share your information with other macom affiliate and subsidiary companies ("affiliates") for the purposes of providing our services to you.
2.2  we may share your information with third parties, such as vendors, consultants, agents, and other service providers who work on our behalf. examples include:
(a)  macom’s authorized sales representatives and distributors in order to service customer or other user requests submitted via a web form, in connection with the provision of technical support and responding to product inquiry requests;
(b)  service providers who provide assistance with data management and storage, cloud storage, payment and delivery services, email and marketing communications, survey processing, career services, and the provision of technical support; and
(c)  analytics and search engine providers that assist us in the improvement and optimisation of our site.
2.3  we may disclose your personal information to third parties if:
(a)  macom or any of its affiliates or certain business lines are acquired in whole or in part, including the acquisition of substantially all of the assets of macom or any affiliate, by a third party, in which case personal information held by it about its customers will be one of the transferred assets;
(b)  if we are under a duty to disclose or share your personal information in order to comply with any legal or regulatory obligation, or in order to enforce or apply our terms of use or other agreements with you;
(c)  to protect the rights, property or safety of macom, our employees, our customers or others; this includes exchanging information with other companies and organisations for the purposes of fraud protection and credit risk reduction;
(d)  for any other purpose with your consent.
3  security of your personal information
3.1  we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use, or disclosure.
3.2  where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password which enables you to access certain parts of our website or services, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. we ask you not to share a password with anyone. you should notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account.
3.3  unfortunately, no method of transmission of information via the internet, or method of electronic storage, is completely secure. although we use reasonable efforts to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information. in the event that we are required by law to inform you of a breach to your personal information we may notify you electronically, in writing, or by phone, if permitted to do so by law.
4  transfers of data outside the eea
4.1  we are a global organisation, and so are many of our service providers, therefor your personal information may be transmitted to and processed in countries that may not have the same laws as your own for the protection of personal information. nonetheless, where possible we take steps to treat personal information using the same privacy principles that apply pursuant to the law of the country in which we first received your information. by submitting your personal information to us you agree to the transfer, storage and processing of your information in a country other than your country of residence including, but not necessarily limited to, the united states.
4.2  if you are a resident in the eea, we use the european commission's standard contractual clauses) as appropriate to protect your personal information.
5  retention of your personal information
5.1  we will endeavour to only keep your information for as long as we need it. if you are not a customer, and there has been no activity between us for twelve (12) months, we will endeavour to delete your personal information at that stage.
5.2  if you are with a customer, we will endeavour to keep your personal information for so long as you are still representing the customer under its contract with us. following any termination of that contract we will endeavour to keep your personal information for no longer than 6 years.
6  your rights
6.1  in certain jurisdictions, you may have the following rights with regards to your personal information, subject to certain limitations and exceptions:
(a)  right of access: you may have the right to request access to, or a copy of, the personal information we have about you.
(b)  right to rectification: you may have the right to have any mistakes in your personal information rectified.
(c)  right to restrict processing: you may have the right to request that we restrict the use of your personal information in certain circumstances.
(d)  right of erasure: in certain circumstances, you may have the right to ask for your personal information to be erased.
(e)  right to object to processing: you may have the right to object to the processing of your personal information.
(f)  right of portability: in some limited circumstances, you may have the right to request copies of personal information that you have provided to us in a structured, commonly used, and machine-readable format and/or request us to transmit this information to another service provider (where technically feasible).
(g)  right to withdraw consent: to withdraw consent where you have provided it for any processing.
(h)  right to lodge a complaint: you may have the right to lodge a complaint with your national supervisory authority.
6.2  please note that not all of the rights described above are absolute, and they do not apply in all circumstances. in some cases, we may limit or deny your requests. this may occur because the law permits or requires us to do so, or if we are unable to adequately verify your identity.
6.3  to exercise any of the rights listed above, please email us at privacy@macom.com. in addition, california consumers may also call us at: 1-833-996-0751.
6.4  in order to process your request, we must be able to verify your identity to make sure you are the person about whom we have collected personal information or an authorized representative. depending on the type of request, we may conduct the verification process by email or phone using information that matches our records. the information you must provide as part of the verification process may include, for example: name, contact information, and state or country of residency. we may also ask for additional information as needed based on your relationship with us.
6.5  in some circumstances, you may designate an authorized agent to submit requests to exercise certain privacy rights on your behalf. we will require verification that you provided the authorized agent permission to make a request on your behalf. you must provide us with a copy of the signed permission you have given to the authorized agent to submit the request on your behalf and verify your own identity directly with us. if you are an authorized agent submitting a request on behalf of an individual, you must provide written and notarized proof that you have been authorized by the individual to act on his or her behalf. please note, we may deny a request from an authorized agent that does not submit proof that they have been authorized to submit such request.
7  links to other websites and services
our website may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of third parties, such as our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. if you follow a link to any of these, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.
8 marketing information
8.1  if you would like to receive marketing information about our products or services by email please visit our website to sign-up for our newsletter.
8.2  in addition, any marketing information which we send to you via email will contain an "unsubscribe" button which you can use at any time.
9  cookies
our website uses cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website. this helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. for detailed information on the cookies we use and the purposes for which we use them see our cookie policy.
10  changes to our privacy policy
we may update our privacy policy from time to time in response to changes to our practices, technology, legal requirements and other factors. any changes we may make to our privacy policy in the future will be posted on this page and, where appropriate, notified to you by e-mail. you can check the “last updated” legend at the bottom of this page to see when this privacy policy was last revised.
11  contact
questions, comments and requests regarding this privacy policy are welcomed and should be addressed to privacy@macom.com. in addition, california consumers may also call us at: 1-833-996-0751.
12  additional information for california residents
12.1  california law requires us to disclose the following additional information regarding our collection, use, and disclosure of personal information related to california residents. if you are a california resident, this section applies to you in addition to the rest of the privacy policy.
12.2  the following describes the categories of personal information we have collected and disclosed for a business purpose (as that terms are defined under california law) in the preceding 12 months, and the categories of recipients to whom we have disclosed such information for a business purpose. we do not “sell” personal information (as such term is defined under california law). please note that because this list is comprehensive, it may refer to types of information that we collect and share about people other than you, including our website visitors, customers, business partners, leads and prospects, and job applicants.
in addition to the categories described above, we may disclose information when requested to government entities, auditors, lawyers, consultants, and other parties as required by law concerning any category (e.g., in response to a subpoena).
12.3   pursuant to california’s “shine the light” law, california residents may have the right to request information concerning the categories of personal information (if any) we share with third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. if you wish to exercise this right, please use the contact information listed in the contact section.
12.4   we do not discriminate against california residents who exercise any of their rights described in this privacy policy.

last updated and effective: 8 july 2021
productsrf/microwave & mmwaveopticalnetworking
rf/microwave & mmwave
optical
networking
applications
wireless networking and communication
enterprise solutions
broadcast video
satellite communications (satcom)
catv/wired broadband
(cloud) data center
surveillance
optical networking
industrial, scientific and medical
aerospace and defense
press releases
about macomcareers at macomcontact macominvestor relations
careers at macom
contact macom
investor relations
foundry & design services
quality & reliability
support
©2022 macom all rights reserved
terms of use
privacy policy
cookie policy
protections against trafficking in persons
