products
brands
insights
company
career
products
brands
insights
company
career
products
brands
insights
company
about us																	about us									portraithistorymanagementawardsannual report 2021mann+hummel locationsresearch & developmentdigital transformation
about us
portrait
history
management
awards
annual report 2021
mann+hummel locations
research & development
digital transformation
responsibility																	responsibility									valuessustainabilitycompliance
responsibility
values
sustainability
compliance
news & press
events
suppliers
downloads																	downloads									press materialpublicationscertificatessuppliers documents
downloads
press material
publications
certificates
suppliers documents
credentials																	credentials									cleanroom filtration in the operating theaterair cleaner system for heavy duty trucks for cnhtcoil filter module for paccaroval air filter elementoil filter module for asphalt and off-roadfully integrated manifoldair filtration at a leading airportflexibility uses installation space
credentials
cleanroom filtration in the operating theater
air cleaner system for heavy duty trucks for cnhtc
oil filter module for paccar
oval air filter element
oil filter module for asphalt and off-road
fully integrated manifold
air filtration at a leading airport
flexibility uses installation space
values: our statement of purpose.
keep up to date: news & press
career
job vacancies
candidate profiles
education and training
life at mann+hummel																	life at mann+hummel									young leaders at mann+hummelemployee benefitscareer stories
life at mann+hummel
young leaders at mann+hummel
employee benefits
career stories
application process faq
job vacancies
life at mann+hummel
values: our statement of purpose.
keep up to date: news & press
job vacancies
life at mann+hummel

data privacy
thank you for visiting our website and your interest in our company. the protection of your personal data is an important concern for us. for this reason, compliance with the strict legal provisions on data protection is a matter of course for us. data protection begins with transparency. it is therefore our concern that you should always know when we store which of your personal data, for what purpose we use it, but also how you can restrict or prevent its use. our data protection regulations are designed in such a way that they comply with the applicable data protection laws.
i. controller
mann+hummel international gmbh & co. kg schwieberdinger strasse 126 71636 ludwigsburg/ germany tel. +49 7141 980, fax +49 7141 982545 info@mann-hummel.com
ii. address of the data protection officer
you can reach our data protection officer at the following contact details:  data.protection@mann-hummel.com
mann+hummel international gmbh & co. kg schwieberdinger strasse 126 71636 ludwigsburg/ germany
iii. legal basis for the processing
personal data is only collected, processed and used by us if we are legally permitted to do so or if you have given your consent.
insofar as we obtain the consent of the data subject for the processing of personal data, art. 6 para. 1a eu data protection basic regulation (gdpr) serves as the legal basis for the processing of personal data.
when processing personal data which is necessary for the performance of a contract to which the data subject is a party, art. 6 para. 1b gdpr serves as the legal basis. this also applies to processing operations which are necessary for the implementation of pre-contractual measures.
insofar as the processing of personal data is necessary to fulfil a legal obligation to which our company is subject, art. 6 para. 1c gdpr serves as the legal basis. as a company, we are subject, for example, to statutory storage obligations under the ao and the hgb.
if vital interests of the data subject or another natural person require the processing of personal data, art. 6 para. 1d gdpr serves as the legal basis.
if the processing is necessary to safeguard a legitimate interest of our company or a third party and the interests, fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject do not outweigh the former interest, art. 6 para. 1f gdpr serves as the legal basis for the processing.
iv. recipient of the data
as a matter of principle, we only process personal data if we have your consent or legal permission to do so. this also applies to the transfer of data to third parties. we do not pass on your personal data to third parties for direct marketing purposes.
your data will be processed and used within the eu/eea. however, for certain processes, processing outside the eu/eea is also necessary. if your data is processed outside the eu/eea, we will take all necessary measures to ensure that the processing complies with data protection regulations in accordance with art. 44 gdpr. we may share your personal information with the following recipients in accordance with applicable data protection laws and regulations:
to third parties who assist us in operating the website
within the mann+hummel group
within the framework of a valid legal procedure
we also take appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect personal data from theft, other loss, misuse and any unauthorized access during processing.
v. your rights
rights of data subjects if your personal data is processed, you are the data subject within the meaning of the gdpr. your rights are regulated in chapter iii of the gdpr. you have the right of access to the data processed by the controller, the right of rectification, the right to limit processing, the right of cancellation, the right of information, the right of transferability, the right to object to processing, the right to withdraw your consent and the right not to be subject to a decision based on exclusively automated processing.
to exercise your rights as a data subject, please send an e-mail to data.protection@mann-hummel.com.
right of appeal to the supervisory authority irrespective of another regulatory or judicial redress, you have the right to file a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state where you are a resident, where your workplace is, or where the presumed infringement has taken place when you are of the opinion that the processing of your personal data violates the gdpr.
the supervisory authority to which the complaint is filed, advises the complainant about the status and the results of the complaint including the possibility of legal action acc. to art. 78 gdpr.
under art. 77 gdpr, you are free to choose the supervisory authority. for example, you can address your complaint to the supervisory authority of the state of baden-württemberg which is responsible for mann+hummel gmbh.
vi. reservation of right to change
we reserve the right to adapt this data privacy in accordance with the legal regulations.
vii. mann-hummel company website
when you visit our website, general information about this process is automatically stored in a protocol file. this is solely made for system-related purposes. the stored usage data is not stored together with other personal data. the following data record is made each time the website is accessed:
anonymized ip addresses
date and time of the request (gmt)
access location
message indicating whether the polling was successful (status code)
amount of data transmitted
website where the access was made
description of the type of web browser used
operating system used
the above-described data are not passed on to a third party and no other analysis is made unless there is a legal obligation to do so.
contact when you contact us, we will store your data for the purpose of processing your enquiry and in case further correspondence is required.
personal data is collected via our contact form for the processing of your enquiry. mandatory information is marked with an asterisk (*). all other details are voluntary.
all data will be deleted after complete processing of your request, after the purpose no longer applies and storage is no longer necessary, or restrict processing if there are legal or otherwise prescribed storage obligations.
the legal basis for the processing of your personal data is:
art. 6 para. 1a gdpr, if you have given your consent
art. 6 para. 1b gdpr
art. 6 para. 1f gdpr, because it is in our legitimate interest to answer your enquiries
the mann+hummel international gmbh & co. kg is part of the mann+hummel group. for the processing of your inquiry, it may be necessary for us to forward your data and requests within the mann+hummel group. the data will not be passed on to other third parties in this context. the data will only be used for the processing of your enquiry. the data are comprehensively deleted after your request has been fully processed. the exception is when the data are subject to a statutory retention period or other prescribed retention obligation.
further information on the processing of personal data of our business partners can be found here: information on data processing for customers, suppliers and other business partners
supplier onboarding in the course of supplier onboarding we collect company data and also the following personal contact data:
first name, last name
position
email address
the data provided in the course of the supplier onboarding are exclusively used for the purpose of initiating the business relationship. further data processing only takes place if an order is placed. insofar that no business relationship is formed, your data will be blocked for further use and deleted after the retention periods according to tax law and commercial law have expired as far as you have not expressly consented to a further use of the data.
applicant details we process your personal data as far as this is necessary for the execution of the application process. you can also make your application by electronic means. we will naturally only use your data for the purpose of processing your application and will not pass on the data to a third party. please observe that emails sent unencrypted are not transmitted with protection to access.
the categories of data we process include the following:
applicant master data (first name, last name, address, position)
qualification data (cover letter, cv/resume, previous activities, professional qualification)
references and certificates (performance data, evaluation data, etc.)
login data (email, password)
if you have applied for a certain position and this position is no longer available or we consider that you are even better suited to a different position, we would like to forward your application to a different department in the company. for this we must obtain your consent.
after the application process has been concluded, your personal data will be deleted unless you actively express the desire for us to store your data for any longer specified period or you have concluded a contract. the legal basis is article 6 par. 1 letters a), b) and f) gdpr and § 26 of the german data protection act (bdsg).
additional information on the processing of your personal data in the application process is available here: https://www.mann-hummel.com/en/privacy-statement-hr/
viii. cookies
we use cookies on our website. these are transit cookies which are automatically deleted when you close your browser. these include in particular session cookies. we also use persistent cookies. these are automatically deleted after a specified period of time, which may vary depending on the cookie used.
the following types of cookie are used by us:
strictly necessary cookies
performance cookies
cookies for marketing purposes (marketing cookies)
is the legal basis for the use of cookies:
art. 6 para. 1f gdpr
art. 6 para. 1a gdpr
our website uses onetrust's cookie-consent-technology to inform you about the cookies used.
duration of storage, possibility of objection and removal cookies are stored on the user's computer and are transmitted by the user to our site. therefore you as a user have full control over the use of cookies. by changing the settings in your internet browser, you can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies. cookies already stored can be deleted at any time. this can also be done automatically. if cookies for our website are deactivated, it may not be possible to use all the functions of the website to their full extent.
use of onetrust (cookie consent) our website uses onetrust's cookie-consent-technology to obtain your consent to the storage of certain cookies in your browser and to document these in a data protection compliant manner. the provider of this technology is onetrust, with two main offices in the united states and england: atlanta, ga, usa (co-headquarters), 1200 abernathy rd ne, building 600, atlanta, ga 30328 united states, +1 (844) 847-7154, england (co-headquarters), 82 st johns street, farringdon london, ec1m 4jn, +44 (800) 011-9778. when you enter our website, an onetrust cookie is stored in your browser, which stores the consents you have given or the revocation of such consents.
the collected data is stored until you request us to delete it or until you delete the onetrust cookie itself or until the purpose for which the data is stored no longer applies. mandatory legal retention periods remain unaffected. details on the data processing of onetrust cookies can be found in the onetrust data protection declaration at https://www.onetrust.com/privacy/.
the onetrust cookie content technology is used to obtain the legally required consent for the use of cookies. the legal basis for this is art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1c gdpr.
adobe analytics this website uses adobe analytics, a web analytics service provided by adobe systems software ireland limited, 4-6 riverwalk, citywest business campus, dublin 24, ireland ("adobe"). adobe analytics uses "cookies", which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. if the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website is transmitted to an adobe server, the settings ensure that the ip address is anonymised before geolocation and replaced by a generic ip address before being saved. on behalf of the operator of this website, adobe will use this information to evaluate the use of the website by users, to compile reports on website activities and to provide further services to the website operator in connection with website and internet use. the ip address transmitted by your browser in the context of adobe analytics is not merged with other adobe data. you can prevent the storage of cookies by adjusting your browser software accordingly. however, we would like to point out that in this case you may not be able to use all functions of this website to their full extent. you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your ip address) from being sent to adobe and the processing of this data by adobe by downloading and installing the browser plug-in available under the following link: https://www.adobe.com/privacy/opt-out.html.
google on our website java-script code of the company google inc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa (hereinafter: google) is loaded. if you have activated java-script in your browser and have not installed a java-script blocker, your browser may transmit personal data to google. to prevent the execution of java-script code from google altogether, you can install a java-script blocker (e.g. www.noscript.net or www.ghostery.com).
google recaptcha to ensure sufficient data security when transmitting contact and registration forms, we use the google recaptcha service.  the provider is google inc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa ("google"). google recaptcha is used on our website to differentiate whether the input into forms is made by a natural person or abusively by machine and automated processing. the data processing is carried out in our legitimate interest in accordance with art. 6 para. 1f gdpr. the google service includes the processing of ip addresses and, if applicable, other data required by google for the recaptcha service. the deviating data protection regulations of google inc. apply to this. further information on the data protection guidelines of google inc. can be found at www.google.de/intl/de/privacy or www.google.com/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
google maps plug-in our website uses the google maps service to enable you to find and view mann+hummel locations. google maps is a map service of google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland.
in order to use the functions of google maps, information, including the ip address and the address entered as part of the route function, may be transferred to the provider's servers. this information is usually transferred to a google server in the usa and stored there. when you visit a website that contains google maps, your browser establishes a direct connection with the google servers, whereby the map content is sent to your browser and integrated by it. the provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer. according to current knowledge, this includes the following data:
date and time of your visit to the website in question,
internet address or url of the web page called up,
ip address, (start) address entered during route planning
for the use of google maps your consent is required in accordance with art. 6 para. 1a gdpr. only then can our online offers be used without restriction. if you no longer wish data processing by google via this service after your consent, you can deactivate the use of javascript in your browser settings. please note that in this case the interactive map function of google maps is no longer or only partially usable.
you can find more information on the handling of user data in google's privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy/.
doubleclick our website uses doubleclick, a service provided by google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland. doubleclick is used to serve ads when you visit our website. doubleclick uses information (but not personally identifiable information such as your name or email address) about your visits to this and other websites in order to serve ads about products and services of interest to you. if you would like more information about these practices or to know your choices about not having this information used by doubleclick, click here: https://policies.google.com/technologies/ads?gl=en&hl=en.
youtube on our website the service youtube of the company google llc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, 94043 mountain view is being loaded. we use this service to offer you multimedia content. to use this service, your consent is required in accordance with art. 6 para. 1a gdpr. your browser may transmit personal data to google when using the youtube service. further, detailed information on the processing of your personal data can be found in the youtube privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy.
social media link we have included links on our website to our respective profiles on facebook, twitter and linkedin. by clicking on the respective symbol you can access our profiles on the respective social media platforms.
this linking does not transmit any data from you to the operators of the respective social media platform. if you click on one of these links, you will be redirected to the respective website of the social network and forwarded. depending on your browser settings, this is done by opening a new tab or a pop-up. only when you change the url will the operator of the respective social network collect and process your data. for more information about privacy on facebook, follow this link: https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/.
for more information about data protection on twitter, follow this link: https://twitter.com/en/privacy.
for more information about instagram's privacy policy, please follow this link:  https://help.instagram.com/519522125107875.
facebook conversion tracking pixel we use the custom audiences service of facebook inc. (1601 s. california avenue, palo alto, ca 94304, usa or facebook ireland ltd., 4 grand canal square, grand canal harbour, dublin 2, ireland) as part of our usage-based online advertising. for this purpose, we define target groups of users based on certain characteristics in the facebook ads manager, who are subsequently shown ads within the facebook network. users are selected by facebook based on the profile information they provide and other data provided through their use of facebook. if a user clicks on an advertisement and subsequently arrives on our website, facebook receives the information that the user has clicked on the advertising banner via the facebook pixel embedded on our website.
basically, a non-reversible and non-personal checksum (hash value) is generated from your usage data, which is transmitted to facebook for analysis and marketing purposes. a facebook cookie is set in the process. this collects information about your activities on our website (e.g. surfing behavior, subpages visited, etc.). for the geographic targeting of advertising, your ip address is also stored and used.
facebook custom audiences via the customer list is not used by us, nor is the "advanced matching" function.
for more information about the purpose and scope of the data collection and the further processing and use of the data by facebook, as well as your settings options for protecting your privacy, please refer to facebook's privacy policy at the following link https://www.facebook.com/policy.php. you can find more information about the facebook pixel and how it works at the following link https://www.facebook.com/business/help/742478679120153. you can make settings about which advertisements are displayed to you on facebook in the facebook account settings.
the facebook pixel is only set with your consent. the use of the pixel as well as the storage of "conversion cookies" is accordingly based on art. 6 para. 1a gdpr
linkedin insight tag we use the insight tag service of linkedin corp. (linkedin corporation, 1000 west maude avenue, sunnyvale ca 94085, usa or linkedin ireland unlimited company, wilton place, dublin 2, ireland) as part of our usage-based online advertising. using this technology, we can generate reports on the performance of our advertisements as well as information on website interaction. for this purpose, the linkedin insight tag is embedded on this website, which establishes a connection to the linkedin server when you visit this website. we process your data to evaluate campaigns and collect information about website visitors who may have reached us through our campaigns on linkedin.
for more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and the further processing and use of data by linkedin, as well as your settings options for protecting your privacy, please refer to linkedin's privacy policy at the following link https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy?_l=en_en. you can find more information about the linkedin insight tag and how it works at the following link https://business.linkedin.com/marketing-solutions/insight-tag.
the linkedin insight tag is only set with your consent. the use of the tag is accordingly based on art. 6 para. 1 lit. a dsgvo.
news & press
contact us
products
annual report 2021
quick access
company
career
sustainability
credentials
news & press
locations
service
contact
downloads
privacy statement
imprint
legal notice
social media
facebook
instagram
linkedin
twitter
youtube
mann+hummel schwieberdinger straße 126 71636 ludwigsburg
phone: +49 7141 98-0 fax: +49 7141 98-2545 contact us
