company
privacy policy
small
medium
large
privacy policy
we collect various personal data from you when you visit our website. personal data are data with which you can be personally identified.
we attach great importance to the issue of data protection. we handle your personal data confidentially in compliance with the statutory data protection regulations and with this privacy policy.
we would therefore like to inform you in the following privacy policy about the handling of your personal data when you visit our website, in particular which data we collect, what we use this information for and the purpose of the collection. we would like to point out that the transfer of data via the internet (e.g. during communication via email) may be subject to security gaps. complete protection of the data against access by third parties is not possible.
1. general data protection information
responsible body
the body responsible for data processing undertaken within the scope of this website is:
me-automation projects gmbhkasseler straße 62d-34277 fuldabrücktel: +49 (0) 561 58 54 mail: info@me-ap.de
we have nominated a data protection officer. you can reach this person using the following contact data:
dedata gmbh & co. kghabichtswalder str. 1834119 kasseltel: +49 (0) 561 316 85 89mail: buero@dedata.de
storage period
unless a more specific storage period is indicated in this privacy policy, your personal data will remain with us until such time as the purpose of the data processing is no longer given. your data will be deleted if you assert a legitimate right to deletion or if you withdraw your consent to the data processing, provided we have no other legally permissible grounds for the storage of your personal data (e.g. retention periods dictated by fiscal or commercial law); in the latter case the data will be deleted once these grounds no longer apply.
note on the transfer of data to the usa and other third countries
tools from companies located in the usa or other third countries considered not secure with respect to data protection are integrated, among others, in our website. if these tools are activated, your personal data may be transferred to these third countries and processed there. we would like to point out that a level of data protection comparable with that of the eu cannot be guaranteed in these countries. us companies, for example, are obliged to surrender personal data to security authorities without the data subject having recourse to legal action. it cannot therefore be excluded that us authorities (e.g. secret services) process, evaluate and permanently store your data located on us servers for surveillance purposes. we have no influence over such processing activities. we will inform you in this privacy policy which of the technologies and systems used are subject to a data transfer to the usa or another third country.
your rights in connection with the data processing carried out by us
you have the right to receive information about the origin, recipient and purpose of your stored personal data at any time and free of charge. you also have the right to demand the rectification or erasure of these data. if you have given your consent to the data processing, you can withdraw this consent with future effect at any time. you also have the right to demand the restriction of the processing of your personal data under certain circumstances. furthermore, you have the right to lodge a complaint with the competent supervisory authority. you will find more detailed information in this regard and concerning the exercising of your rights at the end of this privacy policy.
2. hosting and content delivery network (cdn)
hosting
our website is hosted by an external service provider (host). personal data that we collect from you on our website are stored on the servers of this host. these data include primarily ip addresses, contact requests, meta and communication data, contract data, contact details, website accesses and other data that are generated via our website.
the data processing undertaken using the host is carried out based on our legitimate interest pursuant to art. 6 (1)(f) gdpr. we have a legitimate interest in making our online offers available to you securely, quickly and efficiently with the aid of a professional provider.
our host will only process your data to the extent this is necessary to meet its service obligations and will comply with our instructions with regard to these data.
we use the following host:
rackspace us, inc.1 fanatical placecity of windcrestsan antonio, texas 78218mail stop: us 109-2301
3. data collection on this website
cookies
our website uses cookies. cookies are small text files that are stored on your end device. so-called session cookies are stored only temporarily and only for the duration of the session and deleted again when you leave our website. permanent cookies by contrast remain on your end device until you delete them yourself with your browser or they are automatically deleted by your web browser.
a difference must be made between technically essential cookies and cookies that are not technically essential (e.g. for analytical purposes).
technically essential cookies are necessary for the execution of the electronic communication process or for the provision of specific functions you have requested (e.g. for the shopping cart function) or for optimizing the website (e.g. cookies for measuring the web audience). these cookies are stored on your end device at the time you visit our website. unfortunately, the operation of our website is not possible without these technically essential cookies. we use these cookies based on our legitimate interest pursuant to art. 6 (1)(f) gdpr. we have a legitimate interest in the storing of cookies for the technically error-free and optimized provision of our services.
you can set your browser in such a way that you are informed about the placement of cookies and so accept these on a case-by-case basis, accept specific cookies or generally reject all cookies or activate the automatic deletion of cookies when the browser is closed. deactivating cookies could restrict the functionality of this website.
our website uses only technically essential cookies. no cookies from external companies (so-called third-party cookies) are used nor cookies for analytical purposes.
server logfiles
technical data are collected (so-call server logfiles) when you visit our website. these include the browser type and version you use, the operating system, the referrer url, the host name of the accessing computer, the time of the page hit, your ip address and the type of transfer protocol, e.g. https. the collection of these data is carried out based on our legitimate interest in the technically error-free presentation and optimization of our website pursuant to art. 6 (1)(f) gdpr. this is only possible with the collection of server logfiles.
such data is not merged with other data sources.
making contact by email or telephone
if you contact us by email or telephone, your contact data, inquiries and the associated information are saved by us.
if your contact with us concerns the performance of a contract or steps to be taken before entering into a contract, your data are collected based on art. 6 (1)(b) gdpr for the purpose of the performance of a contract. if this is not the case, the processing of your data is based on our legitimate interest in the fast and effective processing of inquiries we receive pursuant to art. 6 (1)(f) gdpr. the inquiries you send to us and their associated information remain with us until they are no longer necessary for the purpose of the storage (especially if the matter has been dealt with) or until you request us to delete the data. this in no way affects any statutory retention periods.
4. social media presence
we maintain publically accessible profiles in social networks. you can find the individual networks we use further down. as a rule these networks can extensively analyze your user behavior. visiting our social media presences therefore triggers numerous processing operations relevant for data protection:
when you log in to your social media account and visit our social media presence, the operator of the social media portal can assign this visit to your user account. under certain conditions your personal data can also be collected even if you are not logged in or do not have an account with the respective social network. in this case data collection is effected via cookies, for example, that are saved on your end device or via the collection of your ip address. with the aid of these collected data the social media portals can compile user profiles in which your preferences or interests are stored. this enables the display of interest-based advertising within and outside of the respective social networks. insofar you have an account with the respective social network, this interest-based advertising can also be displayed on all the devices on which you are logged in or were logged in. our intention with our social media accounts is to ensure the most extensive presence on the internet as possible and where applicable to promote our company. this constitutes a legitimate interest pursuant to art. 6 (1)(f) gdpr.
in addition, we collect your personal data if you contact us via one of our social media accounts. the type of data collected depends on the data you give us in your message. at all events we collect the content of your messages, your user name, the date and time you made contact as well as information as to via which social network you contacted us. we process these data for the purpose of dealing with your inquiry. the legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interest in the fast and effective processing of all inquiries we receive pursuant to art. 6 (1)(f) gdpr.
if you contact us via a social network with the aim of concluding a contract for the supply of goods or for the provision of services, we process your data for the purpose of the performance of the contract or execution of the steps to be taken before entering into the contract or the provision of the desired services. in this case the legal basis for the processing of your data is art. 6 (1)(b) gdpr.
data we collect ourselves is deleted by our systems as soon as they are no longer necessary for the purpose of the collection or if you have exercised your right of withdrawal or objection. this in no way affects any statutory retention periods.
processing operations of the social networks on the other hand could possibly be based on other legal bases. these must be indicated by the operators of the social networks. we have no influence over the storage period of data processed by the social networks for their own purposes. please refer to the respective social networks for more detailed information.
linkedin
we have an account with linkedin. the provider is linkedin ireland unlimited company, wilton plaza, wilton place, dublin 2, ireland. the data collected via our profile may also be transferred to the usa by linkedin. linkedin uses advertising cookies.
please use the following link if you wish to deactivate linkedin advertising cookies: https://www.linkedin.com/psettings/guest-controls/retargeting-opt-out.
linkedin is responsible for the processing of your personal data via our linkedin account. should you wish to assert your rights as the data subject in connection with this processing (information, rectification, erasure, etc.), please contact linkedin directly.
data transfer to the usa is based on the standard contractual clauses of the eu commission. you will find the details here: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/dpa und https://www.linkedin.com/legal/l/eu-sccs.
please refer to the privacy policy of linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy for more details on the data processing carried out by linkedin.
xing
we have a profile with xing. the provider is the new work se, dammtorstraße 30, 20354 hamburg, germany.
xing is responsible for the processing of your personal data via our xing account. should you wish to assert your rights as the data subject in connection with this processing (information, rectification, erasure, etc.), the most effective way to do this is to assert them against xing.
please refer to the privacy policy of xing:https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung for more details on the handling of your personal data.
5. own services
job applications
you can apply for a job with us by email, by post or you can use an online application form.
if you send us your application, we process the data and information it includes solely for the purpose of making a decision on the concluding of an employment relationship with you. the legal basis for the processing is art. 26 (1) bdsg (federal data protection act) in conjunction with § 6 (1)(b) gdpr. to this end we use your master data and contact details, your proofs of qualification and other data such as number of children, marital status, application photo, nationality as well as religious confession plus all other data you send us in connection with your application.
if your application is successful, we enter your application data in your personnel file for the purpose of concluding the employment relationship in compliance with § 26 (1) bdsg in conjunction with art. 6 (1)(b) gdpr.
if you withdraw your application, we cannot offer you a position or you refuse such offer, we keep your application data for six months as of the end of the application process. your data are then deleted or your application documents destroyed. the storage is based on our legitimate interest in keeping the application data and documents for the purposes of proof in the event of a legal dispute pursuant to art. 6 (1)(f) gdpr. should it become evident that the data and documents are still required due to an imminent or pending legal dispute, storage continues beyond the six months.
your application documents are only passed on to those persons in our company involved in the processing of applications.
6. your rights in connection with data processing
you have a number of rights at your disposal as the data subject in the event we process your personal data. you can assert these rights by sending an email indicating the asserted right to the email address given in the legal notice. we may under certain circumstances contact you with questions to identify you, in order to enable us to preclude fraud with absolute certainty.
rights to information, rectification and deletion
in compliance with art. 15 gdpr you have an extensive right to receive information concerning the processing of your personal data at any time. under certain conditions you also have a right to rectification pursuant to art. 16 gdpr and deletion of your data pursuant to art. 17 gdpr.
right of objection to data collection in special cases such as direct advertising
in compliance with art. 21 (1) gdpr you have the right to object at any time to the data processing we undertake based on our legitimate interest pursuant to art. 6 (1)(f) gdpr. if you object to such processing, we will suspend the data processing, unless there are compelling legitimate grounds for continuing the processing which override your interests or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
in compliance with art. 21 (2) gdpr you also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data for purposes of direct advertising at any time. in this case we will stop the processing of these data for purposes of direct advertising with immediate effect.
right to restriction of processing
in compliance with art. 18 gdpr you can demand the restriction of our processing of your personal data where one of the following conditions applies:
you have contested the accuracy of the personal data stored by us and wish to have the processing restricted for the period we need to verify the accuracy of the personal data,
the processing is/was unlawful and instead of deleting them you request the restriction of their processing,
- if we no longer need the data for the purposes of the processing, but you require the data for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims, you can you request the restriction of their processing instead of deletion or
you have objected to processing pursuant to art. 21 gdpr and request the restriction of the processing pending the verification of the objection.
where processing has been restricted, we may only process your personal data, with the exception of storage, with your explicit consent for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of important public interest.
right to data portability
you have the right to receive the personal data we process by automatic means based on your consent or for the performance of a contract in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to have the such transmitted to a third party. if you request the direct transmission of the data to another controller, this will only be carried out where technically feasible.
withdrawal of consent
a number of the data processing operations we undertake are only permitted with your explicit consent. granting of consent is always voluntary. you can withdraw the consent you have granted us in whole or in part at any time with effect for the future. the withdrawal of consent shall not affect the lawfulness of processing based on consent before its withdrawal. how you can assert your withdrawal is explained in more detail in this privacy policy in the data protection notices of the respective service.
right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority
you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority for data protection if you consider the processing of your personal data infringes legal regulations.
the supervisory authority for data protection competent for you depends on your habitual place of residence, your place of work, the place of the alleged infringement or the registered office of the controller. the competent supervisory authority for our registered office is:
der hessische beauftragte für datenschutz und informationssicherheitpostfach 316365021 wiesbadentelephone: +49 611 1408 - 0
you will find a list of the supervisory authorities and their contact data in the following link:
https://www.bfdi.bund.de/de/infothek/anschriften_links/anschriften_links-node.html.
company > privacy policy
imprint
privacy
copyright © me-automation projects. all rights reserved.
