privacy policy.
medcrypt created this privacy policy to give you confidence as you visit the medcrypt website and to demonstrate our commitment to fair information practices and the protection of privacy. we reserve the right, at any time, to add to, change, update, or modify this privacy policy, simply by posting such change, update, or modification on the site and without any other notice to you. any such change, update, or modification will be effective immediately upon posting on the site. it is your responsibility to review this privacy policy from time to time to ensure that you continue to agree with all of its terms.
how and why we collect and use information
our servers automatically recognize visitors’ domain names and ip addresses (the number assigned to computers on the internet). no personal information about you is revealed in this process. the site may also gather anonymous “traffic data” that does not personally identify you, but that may be helpful for marketing purposes or for improving the services we offer. we may use anonymous information to analyze site traffic, but we do not examine this information for individually identifying information. in addition, we may use anonymous ip addresses to help diagnose problems with our server, to administer the site, or to display the content according to your preferences. traffic and transaction information may also be shared with business partners on an aggregate and anonymous basis.                  we may also use information to promote use of our services to you and share promotional and information content with you in accordance with your communication preferences. in addition, we may also use information to send you information regarding changes to our privacy policy or other legal agreements.                   we also collect information from you when you register on our site, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, fill out a form or enter information on our site. in addition, our site may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of device you use, your device’s unique device id, your operating system, the ip address of your device, the type of internet browser you use, and information about the way you use our site. this applies to all types of devices including, but not limited to desktops, laptops, mobile devices or tablets. you do not have to give us any of your personal information to use the site.
children's privacy
we do not knowingly collect or save any information from children under the age of 13.
cookies
we may use cookies to improve your experience using the site. these cookies do not generally allow us to personally identify a specific user.
disclosure
we may need to share your information with any of the companies that help provide the medcrypt service. we may disclose personal information if required to do so by law or in the good-faith belief that such action is necessary to (1) conform to the edicts of the law or comply with legal process served on medcrypt or its parent company, subsidiaries or affiliates, (2) protect and defend the rights or property of medcrypt or the users of the site, or (3) act under exigent circumstances to protect the safety of the public or users of the site.
public forums
the site may include interactive forums such as message boards, blogs and chat rooms. please remember that any information that is disclosed in these areas becomes public information and you should exercise caution when deciding to disclose your personal information.
data protection rights
you may have the following data protection rights:                   • you can request access, correction, updates or deletion of your personal information.                   • you can object to processing of your personal information, ask us to restrict processing of your personal information or request portability of your personal information.                   • if we have collected and process your personal information with your consent, then you can withdraw your consent at any time. withdrawing your consent will not affect the lawfulness of any processing we conducted prior to your withdrawal, nor will it affect processing of your personal information conducted in reliance on lawful processing grounds other than consent.                  • you have the right to complain to a data protection authority about our collection and use of your personal information. to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at info@medcrypt.com or by mail to medcrypt, 125 s. hwy 101, #101, solana beach, california 92075. we will respond to your request to change, correct, or delete your information within a reasonable timeframe and notify you of the action we have taken.
sale or change of control
if medcrypt or substantially all of its assets are acquired, your information will be one of the assets transferred to the acquirer.
links to third party sites
if you follow any of the links you find on this site, our privacy policy does not extend to third party sites.
security
to help protect your personal information we may use security measures, including encryption and password protection.
questions
if you have any questions about our privacy policy, please email info@medcrypt.com.
proactive healthcare security
san diego, california, usa              (877) mdc-rypt (877-632-7978)              info@medcrypt.com


home
about us
careers
news
consulting
products
docs
white papers
blogs
fda compliance
© copyright medcrypt 2022, all rights reserved.
give us your email, and we'll get in touch
