login now
forgot your password?
you are not registered with us yet?
register now
deutsch
français

productsp|cabling cabling solutions for networks            plugs and jacks for network cablingcables and wirescable connectorswall outletsdin rail housingspatch panelsfiber optic wall distributors and housingsconsolidation point (cp) | service concentration point (scp) | service outlet (so)ip protected housingsaccessories and installation aidsu|contact connection technology            pc board terminal blockspin headers and female connectorsconnection technology m12board-to-board connectorspc board jacks and plugsdin rail housingsaccessoriesc|logline intelligent system components            i/o componentsenergy controllinginterface modulesmeasuring and monitoring relaystimer relaystelecommunication productsswitches
plugs and jacks for network cabling
cables and wires
cable connectors
wall outlets
din rail housings
patch panels
fiber optic wall distributors and housings
consolidation point (cp) | service concentration point (scp) | service outlet (so)
ip protected housings
accessories and installation aids
pc board terminal blocks
pin headers and female connectors
connection technology m12
board-to-board connectors
pc board jacks and plugs
din rail housings
accessories
i/o components
energy controlling
interface modules
measuring and monitoring relays
timer relays
telecommunication products
switches
applications
topics
companyabout metz connectfour decades of success. metz connect worldwideinternational production and sales locations.newscurrent news about metz connect.corporate responsibilitya good connection is the best form of attachment. 360-degree product experiencetake a tour of our 360-degree product experience and get to know metz connect products in their application context.commitmentsupporting regional associations and educational partners.fairs and eventswe look forward to your visit and interesting discussions with you.quality and certificationsour understanding of quality – remarkable in every respect!organizations and associationsour partners for advocacy.
four decades of success.
international production and sales locations.
current news about metz connect.
a good connection is the best form of attachment.
take a tour of our 360-degree product experience and get to know metz connect products in their application context.
supporting regional associations and educational partners.
we look forward to your visit and interesting discussions with you.
our understanding of quality – remarkable in every respect!
our partners for advocacy.
career
servicecatalogs | brochureseasily download our catalogs, brochures, product information and application notes.downloadsall documents such as certificates, terms and conditions, etc. download centersimply and quickly add data sheets and images to a list and download them as a zip file. us distributor inventorycheck the inventory of north american distributors.sample ordereasily order your samples.videoscomplete range of product and mounting videos – watch or download.configuratorsfast and safe to your destination – your individual cable and patch panel.newsletter news about metz connect products, as well as offers, promotions, invitations and other interesting topics.360-degree product experiencetake a tour of our 360-degree product experience and get to know metz connect products in their application context.
easily download our catalogs, brochures, product information and application notes.
all documents such as certificates, terms and conditions, etc.
simply and quickly add data sheets and images to a list and download them as a zip file.
check the inventory of north american distributors.
easily order your samples.
complete range of product and mounting videos – watch or download.
fast and safe to your destination – your individual cable and patch panel.
news about metz connect products, as well as offers, promotions, invitations and other interesting topics.
take a tour of our 360-degree product experience and get to know metz connect products in their application context.
contactnational us distributorsoverview of our national us distributors.distributor | rep searchfind your right contact person or distributor.contact formfeel free to contact us.
overview of our national us distributors.
find your right contact person or distributor.
feel free to contact us.
login now
forgot your password?
you are not registered with us yet?
register now
deutsch
français
privacy policy

at metz connect gmbh, we take the protection of your personal data very seriously. this includes all data with which you can be personally identified with.

we treat your data confidentially and in accordance with the legal data protection regulations. when using this website, various personal data is collected.

the following privacy policy gives you an overview of the purposes for which we collect your data and how we ensure or guarantee the protection of your data.

1. name and contact details of the responsible body




this privacy policy applies to the data processing by:




metz connect gmbhim tal 2d-78176 blumberg, germany



metz connect tech gmbhotilienweg 9d-78176 blumberg, germany



phone: +49 (0)7702-533-0info@metz-connect.com


2. name and contact details of the data protection officer


karlheinz meier
email: datenschutzbeauftragter@metz-connect.com


our external data protection officer can be contacted directly via the e-mail address provided and at the above-mentioned address. please send us letters by post with a note stating: “"for the attention of: mr karlheinz meier” and with the indication “data protection”.




3. processing of your personal data




visiting our website

when you visit our website, data is automatically collected by our it systems. this is mainly technical data (e.g. internet browser, operating system or time at which the page was accessed). this data is collected automatically as soon as you enter our website.
part of the data is recorded to ensure that the website works without any errors. other data can be used to analyse your user habits.

personal data such as name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or other identifying information is not collected. we will only collect this data if you provide us with this information voluntarily, for example by sending an e-mail or using the contact form.
you can therefore visit our website without providing personal data.
we reserve the right to make the data you provide anonymous, store it in aggregated form and, if necessary, combine it with other data in order to compile anonymous statistics (e.g. on-site traffic).

if you contact us by e-mail, the data you provide will be stored automatically. we process your personal data exclusively for the purpose of answering your enquiries and in the event of follow-up questions, or we store it in order to contact you in the future.

we would like to point out that data transmission on the internet, for example when communicating by e-mail, can have security gaps and therefore a complete protection of data against access by third parties cannot be guaranteed by us.


4. storage, use and processing of your data





we use, process and store your personal data for the purpose of fulfilling your requests, such as answering your enquiries, processing orders, preparing, negotiating, handling and fulfilling contracts and sending you specific information.



5. passing on your data




your data will only be passed on the basis of contractual agreements (art. 6 para. 1 lit. b) or legal obligations (art. 6 para. 1 lit. c).

within the framework of order processing in accordance with art. 28 gdpr, we make use of external service providers (e.g. in the field of it services). these have been carefully selected and commissioned by us and are bound by our instructions.


6. your rights when processing your personal data





to exercise your rights, please contact the responsible office of metz connect gmbh. for this, an informal notification sent to us by e-mail to info@metz-connect.com is sufficient.



the legality of the data processing carried out up to the point of revocation remains unaffected.



a) right of access to information





you have the right to request information about your personal data processed by us.



within the scope of your rights as a data subject, you can request the following:

information about processing purposes and categories of personal data
categories of recipients to whom your personal data has been or will be disclosed
storage duration
existence of a right of rectification, erasure, restriction of processing or opposition
existence of a right of appeal to the supervisory authority
origin of your data, provided it was not collected by us
the existence of automated decision making, including profiling


b) right of rectification





you have the right to correct incorrect or complete incomplete personal data without delay.


c) right of deletion (“right to be forgotten”)





you have the right to obtain the immediate deletion (“right to be forgotten”) of your personal data, if, for example, the purpose of the processing is no longer necessary, if you revoke your consent or if there is no legal basis.


d) right to restrict processing




you have the right to limit the processing of your personal data, for example, if the accuracy of the data is disputed, if the processing is unlawful and you refuse to have it deleted and instead request the limitation of use, provided that we no longer need it for the purposes of the processing but you need it to assert, exercise or defend legal claims or if an objection to the processing has been lodged.


e) right to data transferability




you have the right to have personal data that you have provided us with handed over or transferred to another responsible person in a structured, common and machine-readable format, if the processing is automated.
a direct transfer of your personal data to another responsible person will only take place to the extent that this is technically possible.

f) right of objection




you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data at any time for reasons arising from your particular situation.
your data will no longer be processed after revocation, unless we can prove compelling reasons for processing worthy of protection that outweigh your interests, rights and freedoms or the processing serves to assert, exercise or defend legal claims.
furthermore, you may at any time object to the processing of your personal data for the purpose of direct marketing.

g) right to automated decisions, including profiling





you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects vis-à-vis you or significantly affects you in a similar way. this means that you have the right to question this decision and, if necessary, to obtain rectification.




h) right of appeal to a supervisory authority




in the event of violations of data protection laws or if you believe that the processing of your personal data is unlawful, you have a right of appeal to a supervisory authority.
the supervisory authority responsible for our location is the state commissioner for data protection and freedom of information in baden-württemberg.

https://www.baden-wuerttemberg.datenschutz.de


7. protection of your data when visiting our website




for security reasons and to protect the transmission of confidential content, such as orders or inquiries that you send to us as the site operator, this site uses ssl or tls encryption. you can recognise an encrypted connection by the fact that the address line of the browser changes from “http://” to “https://” and by the lock symbol in your browser line.
if the ssl or tls encryption is activated, the data you transmit to us cannot be read by third parties.


8. contact form



if you send us enquiries via the contact form, your details from the enquiry form, including the contact data you provide there, will be stored by us for the purposes of processing the enquiry and in the event of follow-up enquiries.  the processing of the data entered in the contact form is thus exclusively based on your consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a gdpr). you can revoke this consent at any time. for this purpose, an informal notification sent to us by e-mail info@metz-connect.com is sufficient.
the legality of the data processing operations carried out up to revocation remains unaffected by the revocation. the data entered by you in the contact form will remain with us until you request us to delete it, revoke your consent for storage or the purpose for which the data was stored ceases to apply (e.g. after your request has been processed). mandatory legal provisions – in particular retention periods – remain unaffected by this.

as we exclusively maintain business relations with companies according to §14 bgb, it is necessary to provide the complete company address. when sending the contact form, therefore, only the full name and e-mail address are personal.
we collect this data in the legitimate interest according to art. 6 paragraph 1 lit. f, in order to ensure a smooth establishment of contact and to be able to assign you to the responsible contact person.


9. application procedure




we collect and process the personal data of applicants for the purpose of processing the application procedure. the processing can also take place electronically. this is particularly the case if an applicant submits the relevant application documents to us electronically, in the applicant portal, by e-mail or via the contact form. if the person responsible for processing concludes an employment contract with an applicant, the transmitted data is stored for the purpose of processing the employment relationship in compliance with the statutory provisions.  if no employment contract is concluded with the applicant, the application documents are automatically deleted 6 months after notification of the refusal decision, unless deletion would be contrary to any other legitimate interests for the processing.  should we wish to keep your application documents for a longer period of time in order to offer you positions that may become vacant at a later date, we will ask you for your consent in advance. other legitimate interests in this sense are, for example, a duty of proof in proceedings under the general equal treatment act (agg).


further information on the handling of applicant data can be found here.



10. data recording on our website






a) server log files




the provider of the pages automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files, which your browser automatically sends to us. these are:



ip address of the accessing end device
date and time of access
name and url of the accessed file
referrer url (website from which the page was accessed) and links clicked
information about the type of browser, the version used and, if applicable, the operating system you use as well as the name of your access provider

this data cannot be assigned to a specific person.
conclusions about your identity are not possible for us. the data of the log files are always stored separately from other personal data.
this data is processed by us to deliver the contents of our website and to guarantee the functionality of our information technology systems, to optimise our website and to evaluate the system security and stability.
the data is stored for a period of 2 weeks and then automatically deleted.
this data is not merged with other data sources. the basis for the data processing is art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr; we have a legitimate interest in ensuring the error-free presentation and security of our website.


11. analysis tools and third-party tools




a) cookies



we use so-called cookies on our website. cookies are small text files that are stored on your end device and saved by your browser. they serve to make the pages on this website more user-friendly, effective and safer.

the cookies used on this website are so-called “session cookies”. these are automatically deleted from your end device after your visit. other cookies remain stored on your end device until you delete them. these cookies enable us to recognise your browser the next time you visit us.
you can set your browser so that you are informed about the setting of cookies and allow cookies only in individual cases, exclude the acceptance of cookies for certain cases or in general and activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. if you deactivate cookies, the functionality of this website may be limited.
for information on cookies settings, please refer to the operating instructions of the browser you are using.

cookies that are required to carry out the electronic communication process or to provide certain functions that you have requested (e.g. shopping basket function, registration) are stored on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr. we as the website operator have a legitimate interest in the storage of cookies for the technically error-free and optimised provision of our services. provided that other cookies (e.g. cookies for analysing your browsing habits) are stored, they are treated separately in this privacy policy.
b) google analytics

our website uses functions of the web analysis service google analytics.
the provider is google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa. google analytics uses cookies that enable an analysis of your use of the website. the information generated by cookies about your use of our website is usually transferred anonymously to a google server in the usa and stored there.

the storage of google analytics cookies is based on art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr. the website operator has a legitimate interest in the analysis of user behaviour in order to optimise both their website and their advertising.   more information on the handling of user data at google analytics be found in google's privacy policy:  https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.

c) google maps



our website uses the map service google maps via an api. the provider is google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
to use the functions of google maps, it is necessary to store your ip address. this information is generally transmitted to a google server in the usa and stored there. the provider of this site has no influence on this data transfer. google maps is used in the interests of an attractive presentation of our website and to make it easy to find the places we have referred to there. this represents a legitimate interest in the sense of art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr. google maps will only be displayed to you if you have given your consent in the cookie banner or in this privacy policy. more information on the handling of user data can be found in google's privacy policy: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.

during your first visit to our homepage, you can already determine which cookies and tools you do and do not want to allow in the opening cookie banner.
you can revoke your consent at any time by unchecking the appropriate box for google analytics or google maps in this privacy policy.



links to third-party websites





we link websites of other providers not affiliated with us (third parties), e.g. to our profiles on social networks like linkedin, youtube and xing. please note that we have no influence on which data is processed by these providers when you click these links. as data processing by third parties is beyond our control, we cannot be held responsible for it. for further information on the processing of your data by these third-party providers, please refer to the data protection information of the respective provider.



xing

we use the xing button integrated into our pages only as a hyperlink to our xing page.
by clicking this link, no personal data is transferred.
if you click the xing button while you are logged into your xing account, xing can assign your visit to our pages to your user account. we would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by xing.
further information on this can be found in the xing privacy policy at https://privacy.xing.com/de/datenschutzerklaerung
if you do not want xing to be able to assign visits to our pages to your xing user account, please log out of your xing user account.


linkedin

we use the linkedin button embedded in our pages only as a hyperlink to our linkedin page.
by clicking this link, no personal data is transferred.
if you click the linkedin button while logged into your linkedin account, linkedin will be able to associate your visit to our sites with your account. we would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by linkedin.
for further information, please refer to the linkedin privacy policy at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
if you do not want linkedin to associate your visit to our sites with your linkedin account, please log out of your linkedin account.

youtube

we use the youtube button embedded in our pages only as a hyperlink to our youtube page.
by clicking this link, no personal data is transferred.
if you click the youtube button while logged into your youtube account, youtube can associate your visit to our sites with your account. we would like to point out that we, as the provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data or its use by youtube.

further information on this can be found in the youtube privacy policy at https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en&gl=en


if you do not want youtube to be able to assign visits to our pages to your youtube/google user account, please log out of your corresponding user account.


12. online applications




you have the possibility to apply for open positions or to send us an unsolicited application using a form. the data you provide with your application will be stored by us for the purpose of processing your application. you can find information about data processing within the application procedure under the following link.


13. user profiles



you have the possibility to register on our website and create a personal user profile. for this purpose, you will be asked to provide certain items of personal data.
the input window will tell you what is required. the data provided by you will be used exclusively for internal purposes and will be collected and stored for our own purposes. the processing is based on art. 6 para. 1 sentence 1 lit. b) gdpr. the passing on of this personal data to processors for the fulfilment of obligations – for example to postal delivery services – is permissible under the corresponding obligation in accordance with the applicable data protection regulations. your usage behaviour will be partially stored and logged.
after your registration, you have access to contents and services which are only offered to registered users. after your registration, you cannot independently change or delete the data provided. please contact us if necessary.
you can find the relevant contact details in our legal notice.
if personal data is to be deleted, which is required for setting up a user profile, it is possible that your user profile will be deleted as well. you can reset your password yourself at any time using the “forgotten password” function and assign a new one.


14. newsletter dispatch



on our website, we offer you the opportunity to subscribe to our numerous newsletters (p | cabling – cabling solutions for networks, u | contact – connection technology, c | logline – intelligent system components). when you subscribe to a newsletter, we collect personal data such as your name and e-mail address. we use this data exclusively for personalization and execution of our e-mailings. in order to prevent the misuse of e-mail addresses, subscribers must confirm the ordering of our newsletter in an automated process by e-mail (double opt-in). only when you click this confirmation link will your e-mail address be added to our distribution list.
you can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future.
either conveniently by using the link located in the lower section of each of our mailings, by e-mail to info@metz-connect, by sending a message to our office, by post to: metz connect gmbh, im tal 2, d-78176 blumberg, germany, tel. +49 (0)7702-533-0


15. up-to-dateness and amendment of the privacy policy





this privacy policy was adapted by our data protection officer in july 2020 and is in line with the current status. we reserve the right to adapt the privacy policy accordingly in the event of changes.


products
p|cabling
u|contact
c|logline
company
about metz connect
metz connect worldwide
news
fairs and events
service
catalogs | brochures
downloads
newsletter
general terms and conditions
configurators
career
contact
contact search
imprint
metz connect gmbhim tal 2, 78176 blumberg, germany
phone +49 (0)7702 / 533-0fax +49 (0)7702 / 533-119
