cours de l'action michelin
english
français
group  group                                                make michelin a leader in sustainable mobility. rank amongst the world’s most innovative, responsible and high-performing companies. in our quest to make sustainable mobility a reality, we move closer to this ambitious goal every day. offering everyone a better way forward – that’s michelin’s purpose.                                        home groupour purposeabout usour commitmentsour social footprintour governance2021 universal registration document.pdf - 17.37 mo
group
make michelin a leader in sustainable mobility. rank amongst the world’s most innovative, responsible and high-performing companies. in our quest to make sustainable mobility a reality, we move closer to this ambitious goal every day. offering everyone a better way forward – that’s michelin’s purpose.
our purpose
about us
our commitments
our social footprint
our governance
2021 universal registration document.pdf - 17.37 mo
sustainable development and mobility  sustainable development and mobility                                                the group’s societal responsibility is embodied by its development and sustainable mobility strategy. this strategy aims to make michelin one of the most innovative, responsible, and high-performing companies worldwide across all of its responsibilities: economic, environmental, social and societal.                                        home sustainable development and mobilityall-sustainable approachfor peoplefor the planetworking towards sustainable mobilitymichelin code of ethicssustainable natural rubber
sustainable development and mobility
the group’s societal responsibility is embodied by its development and sustainable mobility strategy. this strategy aims to make michelin one of the most innovative, responsible, and high-performing companies worldwide across all of its responsibilities: economic, environmental, social and societal.
all-sustainable approach
for people
for the planet
working towards sustainable mobility
michelin code of ethics
sustainable natural rubber
innovation  innovation                                                innovation is in michelin’s dna. it’s what allows us to offer sustainable solutions that fully meet all our customers’ needs.                                        home innovationthe vision conceptinnovation strategyresearch & developmentopen innovationindustrial innovationmichelin and pyrowave join forces to industrialize an innovative plastic waste recycling technologypdf - 210.13 ko
innovation
innovation is in michelin’s dna. it’s what allows us to offer sustainable solutions that fully meet all our customers’ needs.
the vision concept
innovation strategy
research & development
open innovation
industrial innovation
michelin and pyrowave join forces to industrialize an innovative plastic waste recycling technologypdf - 210.13 ko
activities  activities                                                tires, solutions, and mobility experiences: explore all the products and services that michelin develops and markets to improve your experience with mobility.                                        home activitiestiresservices and solutionsmobility experienceshigh-tech materialsdive into michelin’s hydrogen
activities
tires, solutions, and mobility experiences: explore all the products and services that michelin develops and markets to improve your experience with mobility.
tires
services and solutions
mobility experiences
high-tech materials
dive into michelin’s hydrogen
financefinancehome financeresults and presentationsresults and presentationshome results and presentationsresults and salescapital markets daypresentations to investorsfinance calendar 2022investor relations contactsshare informationshare informationhome share informationshare datamichelin sharecapital rights structuredividendshare splitindividual shareholdersindividual shareholdershome individual shareholderswhy invest in michelin?become a michelin shareholder2022 annual general meetingmichelin listens to its shareholdersthe michelin shareholders’ committeesubscribekey figures and indicatorskey figures and indicatorshome key figures and indicatorsfinancial key figuresmarket trendsconsensus estimatesratingssustainability performancesdebt analysisregulatory information and publicationsregulatory information and publicationshome regulatory information and publicationsfinancial publications2021 annual reportregulatory informations cgem – amfregulatory informations michelin luxembourg scs – cssf2021 annual report2021 universal registration document.pdf - 17.37 mo
finance
results and presentationsresults and presentationshome results and presentationsresults and salescapital markets daypresentations to investorsfinance calendar 2022investor relations contacts
results and presentations
results and sales
capital markets day
presentations to investors
finance calendar 2022
investor relations contacts
share informationshare informationhome share informationshare datamichelin sharecapital rights structuredividendshare split
share information
share data
michelin share
capital rights structure
dividend
share split
individual shareholdersindividual shareholdershome individual shareholderswhy invest in michelin?become a michelin shareholder2022 annual general meetingmichelin listens to its shareholdersthe michelin shareholders’ committeesubscribe
individual shareholders
why invest in michelin?
become a michelin shareholder
2022 annual general meeting
michelin listens to its shareholders
the michelin shareholders’ committee
subscribe
key figures and indicatorskey figures and indicatorshome key figures and indicatorsfinancial key figuresmarket trendsconsensus estimatesratingssustainability performancesdebt analysis
key figures and indicators
financial key figures
market trends
consensus estimates
ratings
sustainability performances
debt analysis
regulatory information and publicationsregulatory information and publicationshome regulatory information and publicationsfinancial publications2021 annual reportregulatory informations cgem – amfregulatory informations michelin luxembourg scs – cssf
regulatory information and publications
financial publications
2021 annual report
regulatory informations cgem – amf
regulatory informations michelin luxembourg scs – cssf
2021 annual report
2021 universal registration document.pdf - 17.37 mo
careers
newsroomnewsroomhome newsroomnewspress releasescalendarmedia day michelin 2021ambitions for the planet2022 highlightspublicationsconflict in ukraine: all our news and press releasesdive into michelin’s hydrogen
newsroom
news
press releases
calendar
media day michelin 2021
ambitions for the planet
2022 highlights
publications
conflict in ukraine: all our news and press releases
dive into michelin’s hydrogen
menu
home
privacy policymichelin at a glanceprevious press releasesprevious publicationscookies policya 100% sustainable recipe...green gold bahia programmichelin, electromobility pioneerhydrogenlegal noticeprivacy policy2022 highlightssite mapthe groupsustainable development and mobilityinnovationactivitiesfinancecareersnewsroomcontact
michelin at a glance
previous press releases
previous publications
cookies policy
a 100% sustainable recipe...
green gold bahia program
michelin, electromobility pioneer
hydrogen
legal notice
privacy policy
2022 highlights
site map
the group
sustainable development and mobility
innovation
activities
finance
careers
newsroom
contact
privacy policy
michelin is committed to protecting your personal information and being clear and transparent about what information we collect and how we will use it. this policy explains how any personal information we collect when you use our website or digital services, or that you provide to us, will be processed by us.
privacy policy
summary
please read the following policy carefully to understand our views and practices regarding your personal information and how we will treat it.
who we are and how can we be contacted
our websites covered by this privacy policy
about our privacy department
other policies you should read
information we may collect from you
marketing communications
information we collect about you from other places
where we store your personal information
sharing your personal information
international transfers of personal data
how long with personal information be kept by us
your rights under data protection legislation
what you can do if you’re not happy with how we use you information
about data security
changes to our privacy policy
1.	who we are and how can we be contacted
our full legal name is mfpm and we are the data controller. if you need to contact us you have a number of options:
you can also contact us using our contact form on our website:
https://www.michelin.com/en/contact
you can also contact us by telephone on (+33) 4 73 32 20 00.
2.	our websites covered by this privacy policy
the information set out in this policy is applicable to the following websites:
www.michelin.com
3.	about our privacy department
while everyone at michelin is committed to protecting and respecting your privacy, we have a data protection department who deals with all aspect of personal data at michelin.

you can contact them, by sending an email to: privacy.fr@michelin.com
4.	other policies and information we encourage you to read
while this privacy policy contains all the information you need on how we collect and use your personal information on our websites, there is information in some other places which we encourage you to read.

additional privacy policies
our cookie policy
linked platforms


additional privacy policies

this is our main privacy policy for your use of website and digital services and products offered by michelin. however, there may be additional information in privacy policy for specific digital products and services. please read these policies when you register or subscribe to these products and services.

our cookie policy

when you use our website and other digital products and services provided by us, information can be collected through cookies to distinguish you from other users of our website and other digital products and services. we have a separate cookie policy which explains our use of cookies and the purposes for which we use them. we encourage you to read our cookie policy here https://www.michelin.com/en/cookies-policy/ .

linked platforms
our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from our websites and digital platforms of our partner networks, advertisers and affiliates. if you follow a link to any of these websites, please note that these websites have their own privacy policies and that we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies. please check these policies before you submit any personal information to these websites.

5.	information we may collect from you
this section sets out:
how we collect your personal information;
the categories of data that we collect;
a description of how we plan to use the information we collect;
the legal basis that we will rely on to process information collected;
how long we will hold the information collected; and
specific types of data

we may collect and hold the following information about you:
in many cases surveys, questionnaires and polls are anonymous and we only collect personal information for statistical data. if this is not the case, we will let you know at the time of collecting the information.




voluntary information

when you provide us information (for example, the information set out in the scenarios above), in some cases we may ask you for additional, voluntary information. this information will be identified as optional and is used to help us better understand our customers and tailor our services to them.


statistical information

we also collect and use aggregated data such as statistical or demographic data (“aggregated data”). aggregated data may be derived from your personal information but does not reveal your identity in any way. for example, we may aggregate your usage and device data to calculate the percentage of our website users accessing a specific feature of our website. aggregated data is used for our own business purposes only.


sensitive personal information

while we do not request sensitive personal data, we do have sections on our websites where you can submit additional information, for example, when you submit a review. if you submit information on these free text section, only submit information you are comfortable providing and always bear in mind that it may be sensitive information. if you submit reviews or feedback for our website, please remember that this information will be visible to others users of our website.

6.	marketing communications
we strive to provide you with individual choices around how we use your personal information, in particular when it comes to marketing to you.

you will only receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us, provided you have not opted out of receiving marketing from us.
when you sign up to receive any of our newsletters or marketing communications we will use the information you provide us, usually just your name and email address, to enable us to send you our newsletters, promotions and other communications you’ve requested.

we will process your personal information for marketing purposes based on your consent. you can withdraw your consent at any time. if you withdraw your consent, we will stop sending you our newsletters and promotions and other communication as requested.

don’t’ worry, if you decide at any point that you no longer want to receive these emails, you can unsubscribe at any time. there are a number of ways you can do this: (i) there is always an unsubscribe option at the bottom of each marketing communication we send to you; and (ii) you can also contact us by email or letter using any of the contact details set out in this notice.

we will generally send you marketing communications until you choose to unsubscribe from receiving them. however, if we have not heard from you for a while or notice that you have not opened our emails in a period of 36 months, we will remove your details from our database. there’s nothing stopping you for subscribing again at any time.

from time to time we may also use your usage and device data to make online suggestions and recommendations to you about goods or services that may be of interest to you. this is necessary for the legitimate interest of our business in developing our products and services.
7.	information we collect about you from other places
information from our web servers’ logs, for example information about your computer, such as your ip address, operating system and browser type (“usage data”). this information is used by us for system administration and to analyse how people are using our websites and digital platforms. it also helps us to provide the best online infrastructure for your online activities.

the legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website, products and services.

we may receive information about you if you use any of the other websites we operate or the other products and/or services we provide. we also work closely with third parties (including, for example, business partners, sub-contractors in technical, payment services, analytics providers, search information providers) and may receive information about you from them. the legal basis for his processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website, products and services.

information from our web servers’ logs, for example information about your computer, such as your ip address, operating system and browser type. we may also collect information on the searches you carry out on our website and your interaction with communications we send you, for example, when you open email communications. (“usage and device data”). this information is used by us for system administration and to analyse how people are using our websites and digital platforms. it also helps us to provide the best online infrastructure for your online activities. the legal basis for this processing is our legitimate interests, namely monitoring and improving our website, products and services.

as mentioned above, we collect information using cookies or other similar technologies stored on your device about how you use our website, digital products and services. cookies contain information that is transferred to your computer's hard drive. they help us to improve our websites and deliver a better and more personalised service to you. you can read our cookie policy here https://www.michelin.com/en/cookies-policy .

our website may enable you to share your experience and connect with us through third party social networks such as facebook and twitter. we may collect this information from our social media sites, including likes, shares and tweets, and about the content on social networking sites. we do not control the privacy of the information you provide on social media networks and the privacy policies of those social media networks will apply when using their services.
8.	where we store your personal information
all information you provide to us is stored on secure servers within eea.

while we are committed to keeping your personal information secure, the transmission of information online via the internet is not completely secure. we, together with our service providers will do our best to protect your personal information but information provided is at your sole risk.
9.	sharing your personal information
all information you provide to us is stored on secure servers within eea.

while we are committed to keeping your personal information secure, the transmission of information online via the internet is not completely secure. we, together with our service providers will do our best to protect your personal information but information provided is at your sole risk.
within the michelin group

we may disclose your personal information to any member of our group, which means our subsidiaries, our ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries to the extent necessary for the same purposes of the initial processing set out in this policy.
to subcontractors

michelin may share your personal data with subcontractors that michelin may use to process your request or provide the services. these subcontractors are contractually obligated to keep the personal data they may have received confidential and secure and to use your personal data only on the basis of our instructions.
10.	international transfers of personal data
michelin is an international group with databases in the various countries in which it operates. michelin may transfer your personal data within the group to one of its databases or to its external partners located outside of your home country.

as levels of data protection vary worldwide, we do not transmit your personal data to michelin group companies or to third-party companies outside of the european union unless these companies offer the same or similar level of personal data protection as michelin.

for transfers within michelin, the company has adopted internal rules governing the transfer of personal data from the european union or european economic area. by clicking on bcrs, you can find the details of these rules.

transfers of data outside the group are governed either by the bcr of our processor either by contracts containing the clauses of the european commission for suppliers established outside the eu to guarantee a similar level of protection as that of your home country.

while we are committed to keeping your personal information secure, the transmission of information online via the internet is not completely secure. we, together with our service providers will do our best to protect your personal information but information provided is at your sole risk.

11.	how long will personal information be kept by us
as a rule, we will not hold your personal information for any purpose or purposes for longer than is necessary to fulfil the purposes we collect it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements. for more specific retention periods, please see section 5 above.

to determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.

in some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see your right to be deleted below for further information.

in some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.

12.	your rights under data protection legislation
data protection legislation provides you with certain rights when it comes to the processing of your information.

these are the right to:
the right to be informed
the right to access your information
the right to correct your information
the right to delete your information
the right to restrict processing
the right to transfer information
the right to object to processing


the right to be informed

you have the right to be informed about how we collect and process your personal information, including who we are, how we use your personal information and your rights in relation to your personal information. we have gathered all the information you need in this privacy notice.

the right of access your information

you have the right to access the personal information we have on you. we can confirm whether or not your information is being processed and provide you with access to your personal information.

the right to correct your information

if your personal information is inaccurate or incomplete, you are entitled to have that information corrected and updated. if we have disclosed your information to any third parties, where possible, we will inform them of any updates you provide to us. you can update the personal information we hold about you by contacting us using any of the contact methods details in this privacy policy.

the right to delete your information

you have the right to request the deletion or removal of your personal information where there is no reason for us to continue to process it. the circumstances in which you can request the right to be forgotten includes, where the information is no longer necessary in relation to the purpose for which it was originally collected or processed and where you have withdrawn your consent to processing.
there are some limited circumstance where the right to be forgotten does not apply – if you want to know, just ask.

the right to restrict processing

you also have the right to ‘block’ or suppress the processing of your personal information. if you request us to suppress your personal information, we will stop any further processing of it.

the right to transfer information

if you want to move or transfer your personal information to a different service provider or copy your information for your own purposes, you have the right to have your information transferred to another person.

the right to object

you have the right to ask us not to process your personal information for marketing purposes. we will usually inform you (before collecting your data) if we intend to use your information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your information to any third party for such purposes. you can exercise your right to prevent such processing by checking certain boxes on the forms we use to collect your information.  you can also exercise the right at any time by contacting us at michelin webmaster

you can find further information on your data protection rights from the cnil at cnil.fr
13.	what can you do if you’re not happy
we are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. however, if you’re not happy with how we collect or process your information or just want some further information on your rights, you can contact us in the following ways:
you can send us an email to privacy.fr@michelin.com
you can also contact us using our contact form on our website https://www.michelin.com/en/contact

we will work with you to resolve any issues you may have and aim to answer any question raised by you as soon as possible.

you can also make a complaint to cnil – further information can be found at cnil.fr
14.	about data security
michelin has implemented measures to protect the privacy, security and integrity of your personal data. access to personal data is restricted to those employees and service providers who need to know this information and who have been trained to comply with rules on confidentiality.

on michelin's commercial sites, banking information will be collected for the purposes of effective, legal secure payment processes. these measures may consist of ssl encryption (intended to make the data unreadable to others) during the collection or transfer of confidential data. said information will be used only for purposes of online payment and will not be retained.

michelin ensures that your personal data are not altered, damaged or accessed by unauthorized third parties.
15.	changes to our privacy policy
we may change our policy from time to time. any changes we make to this policy in the future will be posted on this page. if you have an online account with us, we may notify you of any changes by email or through your account the next time you log on.
documents
michelin binding corporate rules04/15/2019|pdf - 439.12 ko
legal notice
accueil
subscribe to our newsletters
legal notice
privacy policy
cookies policy
contact
linkedin
facebook
youtube
twitter
enter your search and validate entrer
michelin at a glance: facts and figures
share data
press releases
news
our publications
our organization
our history
careers
"a better way forward"
thank you for your interest in the michelin.com emailing
please select the various themes you may be interested in
an error has occured
subscription complete
vous souhaitez vous désabonner des newsletter
