your authenticated session has expired due to inactivity. you can close this message and continue as a guest or sign in again before proceeding.
sign in
incorrect user id or password. please try again!
don't have an account?register
home
about us
privacy statement
privacy statement
privacy statement
this privacy statement applies to motorola solutions (“msi”, “we”, “us”, or “our”) websites, including our mobile versions, and solutions that link to or reference our privacy statement and describes how we handle personal information and the choices available to you regarding collection, use, access, disclosure and how to update and correct your personal information.  we may provide additional information on the collection or use of personal information provided prior to or at the time of data collection where this is required by applicable data protection laws.  certain motorola solutions websites and solutions may have their own privacy documentation describing how we handle personal information for those websites or solutions specifically.  to the extent a specific statement for a website or solution conflicts with this privacy statement, such specific statement will control. this statement is not a contract and does not create any legal rights or obligations.
we will update this statement from time to time. you can see when this statement was last updated by checking the date displayed at the bottom of this statement.
we have adopted a set of binding corporate rules - controller ("bcr-c’s"), for the european economic area (“eea”), effective october 12, 2020 and the united kingdom (“uk”), effective may 2, 2013. the bcr-c’s are designed to ensure that personal data of covered individuals in the eea and uk are protected while being processed by any of our affiliates around the world.
the danish data protection agency, datatilsynet approved our eea bcr-c’s. for the full text of our eea bcr-c’s, click here. for a link to the bcr-c’s appendices, click here.
the information commissioner’s office (ico) approved our uk bcr-c’s. for the full text of our uk bcr-c’s, click here.  for a link to the bcr-c’s appendices, click here.
how to buy
call 1.888.325.9336
chat with uschat with usrepresentatives are currently unavailable
contact us online
find a partner
jump to ...
personal information collected
social computing tools
third party websites
cookies
use of personal information
legal basis
sharing of personal information
mergers or acquisitions or sale
your choices
california residents
nevada residents
european economic area (eea) and united kingdom (uk) data protection rights
information security
international data transfers
retention
children's privacy
how to contact us
personal information collected
what personal information is collected?product and services
when you place an order with us, we may collect personal information about you, including name, title, company, address, email address, phone numbers and, in rare instances, other categories of personal information, such as payment card information, driver’s license numbers, social security numbers (or equivalent national identification numbers) and date of birth.
marketing
we may ask you for and collect personal information at other times in connection with our marketing activities, including when you enter a sweepstakes or contest; participate in a promotion or marketing campaign sponsored by us or one of our business partners; when you want to find out about services offered in your area; when you complete surveys or other questionnaires; when you participate in a user forum or blog hosted by us or one of our business partners; when you send us an email.
we (and our service providers) may also collect information made publicly available through third-party platforms such as social media websites, online databases, or online directories.
if you do not wish to receive marketing communications you can opt out by visiting the communications preference center. after you opt out, we will not send further promotional communications, but we may continue to contact you to the extent necessary for the purposes of any services that you have requested.
recruitment
we collect personal information when you express interest in employment with motorola solutions, whether directly or via an agent or recruiter (speculatively or in response to any ad on the basis of our legitimate interest to recruit new employees or contractors), including names, contact information, cv or resume, date of birth, performance management information, compensation information, race and ethnic origin. other information collectionwe may also collect personal information when you engage in other activities on our web sites. our web server logs collect ip addresses and other unique identifiers of visitors to our web sites, as well as certain metrics relating to their visits. this information is aggregated to measure number of visits, average time spent on our web site, pages viewed and web site usage information. we use this information to measure the use of our sites and to improve the content of our sites. aggregated information is not used in such a form that would enable direct connection of any personal information to our visitors.
we (“processor”), as part of our business relationship with a retail business or other business or government customer, are often asked to receive, gather, store, analyze, or otherwise process information about the users, consumers or potential consumers of that business or government organization. in such cases, the business or government organization (“controller”) will be responsible for determining how the information will be used and for providing notice and taking any other legal steps with regard to the collection and use of such information. please refer to the privacy notice of the business or government organization with which you have a relationship for information on how they engage processors, like us, to process information on their behalf.
information for channel partnersif you represent a motorola solutions’ channel partner, you may visit our web sites intended specifically for channel partners. we may use information provided on that site to administer and develop our business relationship with you, the channel partner you represent, and channel partners generally. for instance, this may involve using your information to send you details of channel partner programs, including product offerings or special opportunities. it may also include sharing certain information with other channel partners (subject to any confidentiality obligations that may exist), or motorola solutions’ customers or prospects. in connection with a particular transaction or program, we may also contact you as part of customer satisfaction surveys or for market research purposes. we will process your data on the basis of performance of a contract to which you (as a representative of a motorola solutions channel partner) are party or in order to take steps at your request prior to entering into a contract.
information for suppliersif you represent a motorola solutions’ supplier, you may visit our web sites intended specifically for use by motorola solutions’ suppliers. we may use the information provided on those sites in connection with entering into or performing purchases, contracts, or other transactions with you or related business partners (such as customers). for example, this may include sharing information with other parts of motorola solutions, motorola solutions’ channel partners, customers, shipping companies, financial institutions and postal or government authorities involved in fulfillment. it may also be used to administer and develop our relationship with you, the supplier you represent, and other motorola solutions’ suppliers generally.
social computing tools
we also provide social computing tools on some of our web sites to enable online sharing and collaboration among members who have registered to use them. these include forums, wikis, blogs and other social media platforms. for more information about these tools and our practices relating to them, please refer to the social computing tools tab of this statement.
third party websites
who is collecting the information?when you are on our web sites and are asked for personal information, you are sharing that information with motorola solutions, inc., its subsidiaries and related companies. additionally, if you purchase a product or other device requiring service, your personal information may be collected by a third party company working with us. we may also contract with third party companies to perform services for us on our web sites that require these companies to collect personal information (e.g. hosting a web site sweepstakes, promotion or survey, conducting advertising activities, selling software, or facilitating online job applications).
in addition, our web sites may be operated by third parties, or may allow third-party vendors to provide products and services directly to our customers. such relationships are designated with a “provided by” or “powered by” company legend or logo, or other similarly worded designation. if you desire to purchase a product or service from such third party, your personal information will be collected by the third-party company, and shared with us. you may review the privacy practices of the third party either by clicking the link on the bottom of the page, or by clicking on the “provided by company” logo, which will take you to their web site. additionally, when you purchase or download software applications from us or a third party, your personal information is shared with the software developer/licensor in order to register you as a licensed software user, and to permit them to provide you any required support. if you are concerned about the privacy statement of a certain developer or software company, you may contact them directly or visit their individual web sites.
our web sites may also contain various links to third-party web sites. these sites may provide additional information, goods, services and/or promotions. these sites are owned and operated independently of us, and have their own separate privacy and data collection practices. any information you provide to these web sites will be governed under the terms of their privacy statement, if any. we have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the independent actions or policies of these independent sites, and we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such sites.
cookies
when you interact with us online, including through our web sites, we and our third-party providers use cookies, pixels and related technologies to collect information automatically about the electronic path you take to our web sites, through our web sites and when exiting our web sites, as well as your usage and activity on our web sites and other online services, such as the links and objects you view, click or otherwise interact with (also known as “clickstream data”). for more information about these practices, and any choices you may have in relation to its collection, please refer to the cookies tab of this statement.
use of personal information
how is my personal information used?motorola solutions’ primary goal in collecting personal information is to facilitate order processing, to communicate regarding business matters, to enable us to contact you if a problem arises with your order, or if there is some other need to reach you. additionally, if you purchase a product or other device requiring service, your personal information may be used to obtain a credit report if necessary. such information is required to complete a purchase transaction. certain information may also be used to provide you with a customized experience on our web sites, which includes interactive communications and other services. our web sites may also contain optional registration, surveys and questionnaires asking for information, as well as several opportunities for visitors to ask questions. we use the information you provide to help us design and build better products, to customize your shopping experience, to work better with you as a channel partner, and to provide advice and purchase recommendations. if you do not provide information that we request, we may not be able to provide (or continue providing) relevant products or services.
we also use the information we collect to help with marketing and advertising offers customized for you. this kind of advertising may be done with banner ads as well as promotional emails sent by us, or by third parties under contract with us. we may also match user information with third-party data to help us better understand our customers.
we also conduct research on our users’ demographics, interests, and behavior based on the information provided to us when making a purchase, during a promotion, from surveys and from our server log files. we do this to better understand and serve our users. this research is compiled and analyzed on an aggregated basis so as to prevent identification of personal information relating to any one individual. we may share the aggregated data with our business partners.
legal basis
on what legal basis do we process personal information?
we process personal information:
when it is necessary for the performance of any contractual relationship we may have with you, such as payment information where it is necessary to conclude a transaction with you;
where it is necessary for us to comply with our legal obligations, such as tax reporting or for anti-money laundering purposes; or
where it is necessary for the purposes of the legitimate interests pursued by us, which are identified in the “use of personal information” section, where those interests are not overridden by the interests or fundamental rights and freedoms of the data subject.
we may also process your personal information based on your explicit consent (i.e., your freely given, specific, informed and unambiguous consent). where this is the case, we will clearly request your consent prior to collecting or processing your personal information. you should be aware that you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time.
sharing of personal information
with whom does motorola solutions share my personal information?
we share personal information with our subsidiaries and related companies. if you or your company purchase a product or other device requiring service, your personal information is shared with the relevant service provider. additionally, if you express an interest in a product requiring a particular type of service, we may share your personal information with your local service provider in order to determine whether such service is available in your area.
we may share your personal information with third-party service providers so that they may provide services to us that are consistent with the terms of this privacy statement(e.g., database management, sending personalized emails, software sales, and conducting sweepstakes and other promotions on our behalf). we may also, on occasion, provide personal information to third-party businesses as part of a specific product, service, or promotion.
we share web site usage information about visitors to our web sites, who have received a personalized promotional campaign, with third-party advertising companies for the purpose of personalizing future campaigns and upgrading visitor information used in reporting statistics. for this purpose, we and our third-party advertising companies note some of the pages you visit on our web sites through the use of cookies, pixel tags (also called clear gifs) and related technologies. for more information about these practices, and any choices you may have in relation to the information being collected, please refer to the cookies tab of this statement.
we may share your information with third parties, such as legal advisors and law enforcement, in connection with the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims; to comply with laws and regulations or to respond to lawful requests and legal process; to protect our rights and property and the rights and property of our agents, customers, and others, including to enforce our agreement, policies, and terms of use; to detect, suppress, or prevent fraud; to reduce credit risk and collect debts owed to us; to protect the health and safety of us, our customers, or any person; as otherwise required by applicable law, court order, subpoena or other legal process; or as requested by a governmental or law enforcement authority. we may also disclose information about you to third parties with your consent.
mergers or acquisitions or sale
we may also disclose or use personal information in connection with certain corporate business transactions. for more information about these potential practices, please refer to the mergers acquisitions or sale tab of this statement.
your choices
you may have certain choices in relation to your personal information. for more information about these choices, please refer to the your choices tab of this statement.
california residents
if you are a california resident, please refer to the california residents tab of this statement for additional california-specific privacy disclosures.
nevada residents
chapter 603a of the nevada revised statutes permits a nevada resident to opt out of future sales of certain covered information that a website operator has collected or will collect about the resident. to submit such a request, please complete the form found here.
european economic area (eea) and united kingdom (uk) data protection rights
what about my rights under eea & uk law?
individuals whose personal information is collected and/or used in europe have the rights described in our bcr-c’s. the capitalized terms used in this section and not otherwise defined in this statement have the same meaning as defined in the general data protection regulation (gdpr).
what are your rights in relation to personal data
subject to applicable law, you may have a number of rights regarding the processing of your personal data, including:
the right to request access to, or copies of your personal data that we process or control, together with information regarding the nature, processing and disclosure of those personal data;
the right to request rectification of any inaccuracies in your personal data that we process or control;
the right to request, on legitimate groundserasure of your personal data that we process or control; orrestriction of processing of your personal data that we process or control;
erasure of your personal data that we process or control; or
restriction of processing of your personal data that we process or control;
the right to have your personal data that we process or control transferred to another controller, to the extent applicable;
where we process your personal data on the basis of your consent, the right to withdraw that consent; and
the right to lodge complaints with a data protection authority regarding the processing of your personal data by us or on our behalf.
this does not affect your statutory rights.
subject to applicable law, you may also have the following additional rights regarding the processing of your personal data:
the right to object, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of your personal data by us or on our behalf; and
the right to object to the processing of your personal data, by us or on our behalf for direct marketing purposes.
to exercise one of more of these rights, or to ask a question about these rights or any other provision of this statement, or about our processing of your personal data, please use the contact details provided in the how to contact us section below.
information security
what about information security?
when you place an order or provide personal information, we employ certain technical and organization security measures, such as encryption where appropriate. encryption scrambles the information in your purchase, including your credit card number, so this information can only be viewed by motorola solutions. motorola solutions currently uses secure socket layer (ssl) encryption technology, where appropriate, for internet-based transactions.
however, no data transmission over the internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure. as a result, while we have taken appropriate steps to protect your personal information, motorola solutions cannot ensure or otherwise warrant the security of any information you provide to us or from our web site, and therefore you use our site at your own risk.
international data transfers
where will my personal information be transferred?
as a global company motorola solutions has international sites and users all over the world. the personal information you provide may be transmitted, used, stored and otherwise processed outside of the country where you submitted that information, including jurisdictions that may not have data privacy laws that provide equivalent protection to such laws in your home country, including primarily the united states where our global headquarters is located. our bcr-c’s govern transfers between our group companies and require all group companies to protect personal information they process from the european economic area (“eea”) and the united kingdom (“uk”) in accordance with applicable data protection law. for all other personal information, we take steps designed to protect personal information in a similar manner.
we have implemented similar transfer safeguards, such as entering into the european commission’s standard contractual clauses, with our third party service providers and partners. further details can be provided upon request.
retention
for how long will motorola solutions keep my personal information?
we apply a general rule of keeping personal information only for as long as required to fulfill the purposes for which it was collected. however, if necessary, we may retain personal information for longer periods of time, until set retention periods and deadlines expire, for instance where we are required to do so in accordance with legal, tax and accounting requirements, set by a legislator, regulator or supervisory authorities.
in specific circumstances we may retain your personal information until the statutory limitation periods have expired (usually three years, but up to thirty years in some cases), when this is necessary for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims.
when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion or anonymization is possible.
children's privacy
what about my child’s privacy?
web sites and other online services operated by or on behalf of motorola solutions, inc. and its world-wide affiliated companies and subsidiaries are not intended for use by persons under the age of 13. we do not seek to or knowingly collect or solicit information about children under the age of 13. no information should be submitted to or posted on our web sites or other online services by users under 13 years of age. if a child under the age of 13 provides personal information to us, we encourage the child’s parent or guardian to contact us to request that we remove the personal information from our systems. if we learn that any personal information we collect has been provided by a child under the age of 13, we will promptly delete the information.
how to contact us
if you have other questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices please contact our privacy office at privacy1@motorolasolutions.com or at the address below. if you wish to issue a request to exercise your rights where applicable by law please complete the form found here.
data protection officermotorola solutions, inc500 w. monroechicago, il usa 60661-3618united statesemail: privacy1@motorolasolutions.com
eea & uk privacy points of contactmotorola solutions, inc. has designated specific representatives you can contact in the eea & uk in the following countries: germany, greece, poland, portugal, spain and united kingdom or please send an email to privacy1@motorolasolutions.com indicating your country of residence and we will route you to the appropriate motorola solutions data protection representative.
this privacy statement is subject to change. the last content update was made on february 22, 2022.
jump to ...
what about cookies?
what about cookies?
what are cookies and related technologies?
cookies are small data files that are stored on your device that allow us and our third-party providers to collect certain information about your interactions with our web sites and other online services. we and our third-party providers may also use other, related technologies to collect this information, such as web beacons, pixels, embedded scripts, location-identifying technologies and logging technologies (collectively, “cookies”).
what do we collect when using cookies?
when you interact with our web sites and other online services, we and our third-party providers may use cookies to automatically collect certain types of information about your usage of our web sites and other online services. for example, we may collect log data about your device and its software, such as your ip address, operating system, browser type, date/time of your visit, and other similar information. we may collect analytics or “clickstream” data or use third-party analytics tools such as google analytics to help us measure traffic, usage and activity trends for our web sites and online services, and to better understand our user base.
third-party providers may also collect personal information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our websites and online services.
how do we use that information?
we use or may use the data collected through cookies to: (a) remember information so that you will not have to re-enter it during your visit or the next time you visit our websites and online services; (b) provide and monitor the effectiveness and quality of our websites and online services; (c) monitor online usage and activities of our websites and online services; (d) diagnose errors and problems with our websites and online services; (e) otherwise plan for and enhance our web sites and other online services; and (f) facilitate the purposes identified in our privacy statement. we and our third-party advertising providers also use the information we collect through cookies to understand your browsing activities, including across unaffiliated third-party sites, so that we can deliver personalized ads, content and information about products and services that may be of interest to you.
please note that we may link some of the personal information we collect through cookies with the other personal information that we collect about you and for the purposes described in our privacy statement.
your choices about cookies
you may adjust your  here.
in some jurisdictions, including the european economic area member states and the united kingdom, most cookies will only be enabled if you have taken some form of action on our web site(s) to accept cookies using the prominent banner notice. however, in other jurisdictions, cookies will be enabled by default.
if you would prefer not to accept cookies, most browsers allow you to: (i) change your browser settings to notify you when you receive a cookie, which lets you choose whether or not to accept it; (ii) disable existing cookies; or (iii) set your browser to automatically reject cookies. please note that doing so may negatively impact your experience using our online services, as some features and services may not work properly. depending on your device and operating system, you may not be able to delete or block all cookies. in addition, if you want to reject cookies across all your browsers and devices, you will need to do so on each browser on each device you actively use. you may also set your email options to prevent the automatic downloading of images that may contain technologies that would allow us to know whether you have accessed our email and performed certain functions with it.
many of our websites use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. (“google”). for more information on the use of google analytics, please visit google’s privacy policy here. you can also view google’s currently available opt-out options here.your choices about online ads
we support the self-regulatory principles for online behavioral advertising (“principles”) published by the digital advertising alliance (“daa”). this means that we allow you to exercise choice regarding the collection of information about your online activities over time and across third-party websites for online interest-based advertising purposes. more information about these principles can be found at www.aboutads.info. if you want to opt out of receiving online interest-based advertisements on your internet browser from advertisers and third parties that participate in the daa program and perform advertising-related services for us and our partners, please follow the instructions at www.aboutads.info/choices, or http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ to place an opt-out cookie on your device indicating that you do not want to receive interest-based advertisements. opt-out cookies only work on the internet browser and device they are downloaded onto. if you want to opt out of interest-based advertisements across all your browsers and devices, you will need to opt out on each browser on each device you actively use. if you delete cookies on your device generally, you will need to opt out again.
if you want to opt out of receiving online interest-based advertisements on mobile apps, please follow the instructions at http://www.aboutads.info/appchoices.
please note that when you opt out of receiving interest-based advertisements, this does not mean you will no longer see advertisements from us or on our online services. it means that the online ads that you do see from daa program participants should not be based on your interests. we are not responsible for the effectiveness of, or compliance with, any third-parties’ opt-out options or programs or the accuracy of their statements regarding their programs. in addition, third parties may still use cookies to collect information about your use of our web sites and online services, including for analytics and fraud prevention as well as any other purpose permitted under the daa’s principles.
jump to ...
privacy disclosures for california residents
privacy disclosures for california residents
this section applies to you if you are a resident of the state of california and provides additional information about how we collect, use, disclose and otherwise process personal information of individual residents of the state of california within the scope of the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (“ccpa”).
for purposes of this section, “personal information” means information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household. it does not include information that is made publicly available from government records, that is deidentified or aggregated such that it is not capable of being associated with you, or that is otherwise excluded from the ccpa’s scope, such as personal information covered by certain sector-specific privacy laws, including the health insurance portability and accountability act (“hipaa”), the fair credit reporting act (“fcra”), the gramm-leach-bliley act (“glba”) or the driver’s privacy protection act of 1994.
this section also does not apply to information relating to our employees, contractors, applicants and other personnel. in addition, we often act as a “service provider,” as defined in the ccpa, processing personal information on behalf of our customers, and this section does not apply to the personal information processing we perform as a service provider.
collection and use of personal information
in the last 12 months, we have collected the following categories of personal information:
identifiers, such as full name, alias, account name and password, customer number, driver’s license number, social security number or equivalent national identification number, ip address and other unique personal identifiers;
california customer records (cal. civ. code § 1798.80(e)), such as address, telephone number, email address, date of birth and payment card information;
protected classification characteristics, such as age;
commercial information, such as product or service interests and orders, credit information (if you purchased a product or other device requiring service) and investment information (if you are an investor in motorola solutions);
internet/network information, such as log file data (including ip address, browser type) and clickstream data (including your usage and activity on our web sites and online services);
geolocation data, such as your general geographic location based on your ip address or more precise location when accessing our services through a mobile device or using our services with geolocation capabilities;
sensory information, such as audio recordings, photographs and video footage you choose to provide, or we otherwise record as permitted by law;
professional/employment information, such as job title, company and industry;
other personal information, such as your entries to sweepstakes, contests and promotions, your comments on our forums, wikis, blogs, social computing tools or in response to surveys and any other inquiries, requests or comments you choose to send us;
inferences, such as deriving purchase recommendations from other personal information we have collected about you.
we collect this information directly from you, from your browser or device when you interact with our web sites and other online services, from third parties including our service providers, business partners, channel partners, and from public third-party platforms such as social media websites, online databases or online directories. for more information about the personal information we collect and how we collect it, please refer to the personal information collected section of our privacy statement.
we collect personal information from and about you for a variety of purposes. for example, we use personal information to communicate with you; to facilitate, process and fulfill orders your place with us or the services you request; to conduct surveys, sweepstakes, contests and other promotions; to analyze and improve the use of our web sites and other online services; to deliver marketing communications and personalized and non-personalized advertising; and to facilitate our customer and investor relations operations. for more information about our use of personal information, please refer to the use of personal information section of our privacy statement.
disclosure and sale of personal information
we share personal information with third parties for business purposes or we may sell your personal information to third parties, subject to your right to opt-out of those sales (please refer to the your california privacy rights section below). the categories of third parties to whom we disclose your personal information may include our subsidiaries and related companies, our service providers, business partners and channel partners, marketing and business strategy partners and providers, ad networks and advertising partners, analytics providers, sweepstakes and contest providers, order fulfillment and payment providers and certain third parties where you have provided consent or where we are required by law.
as is common practice among companies that operate online, we allow certain third-party providers to collect information about consumers directly through our web sites and other online services for purposes of analyzing and optimizing our services, delivering ads, providing content and ads that are more relevant, measuring statistics and the success of ad campaigns, and detecting and reporting fraud. to the extent this practice is interpreted to constitute a “sale” under the ccpa, please refer to the submitting requests section below regarding your right to opt-out.
for more information about how we share personal information, please refer to the sharing of personal information section of our privacy statement.
your california privacy rights
as a california resident, you may be able to request to exercise the following rights in relation to the personal information about you that we have collected (subject to certain limitations at law):
right to know: you have the right to request any or all of the following information relating to your personal information we have collected and disclosed in the last 12 months, upon verification of your identity:the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;the categories of personal information we have collected about you;the categories of sources of the personal information;the categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;the categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any) and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; andthe business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling personal information about you.
the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of personal information we have collected about you;
the categories of sources of the personal information;
the categories of personal information that we have disclosed to third parties for a business purpose, and the categories of recipients to whom this information was disclosed;
the categories of personal information we have sold about you (if any) and the categories of third parties to whom the information was sold; and
the business or commercial purposes for collecting or, if applicable, selling personal information about you.
the right to request deletion: you have the right to request the deletion of personal information we have collected from you, subject to certain exceptions.
the right to opt-out of personal information sales: you have the right to direct us not to sell personal information we have collected about you to third parties. if you are under the age of 16, you have the right not to have your information sold, unless you, or your parent or guardian, affirmatively authorize such sales (the “right to opt-in”).
you also have the right to be free from discrimination for exercising these rights. however, please note that if the exercise of these rights limits our ability to process personal information (such as in the case of a deletion request), we may no longer be able to provide you our products and services or engage with you in the same manner.
[in addition, if you have an established customer relationship with us for personal, family or household purposes, you may also have the right under california’s “shine the light” law to request:
a list of the categories of certain personal information that we have disclosed to third parties during the immediately preceding calendar year for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes; and
the names and addresses of all such third parties.
submitting requests
to exercise your right to know, right to deletion or “shine the light” right. to exercise your right to know, right to deletion or “shine the light” right, please submit a request specifying the right you wish to exercise by:
using this link to submit your request, or
calling our toll-free u.s. phone number: 1-800-538-4427.
we may need to verify your identity before processing your request, which may require us to request additional personal information from you or require you to log into your account (if applicable). we will only use personal information provided in connection with your request to review and process your request.
in certain circumstances, we may decline or limit your request, particularly where we are unable to verify your identity or locate your information in our systems, or as permitted by law.
to exercise your right to opt-out of personal information sales. to initiate your request to opt out of personal information sales, please complete the form found here or call our toll-free u.s. phone number at 1-800-538-4427. to the extent our third-party advertising and analytics providers’ collection of information from users of our web sites and other online services constitutes a “sale” under the ccpa, please refer to the cookies tab of our privacy statement for more information about the choices and opt-out options you have in relation to those practices.
do not sell my personal information
jump to ...
social computing tools
social computing tools
we also provide social computing tools on some of our web sites to enable online sharing and collaboration among members who have registered to use them. these include forums, wikis, blogs and other social media platforms.
when registering to use these social computing tools, you may be asked to provide certain personal information. registration information will be subject to this privacy statement.
after completing your registration, any other content you voluntarily post, such as pictures, information, opinions, or any other type of personal information that you make available to other participants on these social platforms may be made available to others inside and outside motorola solutions.
if you do not wish this information to be made broadly available you can cancel your registration at any time. however, you may not be able to participate on these social platforms once you cancel your registration and any information already posted will continue to be made available through these platforms.
jump to ...
mergers or acquisitions or sale
mergers or acquisitions or sale
we may take part in or be involved with a corporate business transaction, such as a merger, acquisition, joint venture, financing or sale of company assets. we may disclose, transfer or assign personal information to a third party during negotiation of, in connection with or as an asset in such a corporate business transaction.
also, in the unlikely event of our bankruptcy, receivership or insolvency, your personal information may be disclosed, transferred or assigned to third parties in connection with the proceedings or disposition of our assets.
jump to ...
what choices do i have regarding collection, use and distribution of my personal information?
what choices do i have regarding collection, use and distribution of my personal information?
we or our business partners may, from time to time, send you email or direct mail regarding our products and services. if you do not want to receive such communications, simply tell us when you give us your personal information, or follow the directions contained on the mailing to remove your name from our mailing list(s). your communications preferences can be managed at the communications preference center.
on certain types of motorola solutions promotions, we will ask for your email address in order to contact you in the event you have won a prize. when you participate in these types of promotions, you may receive promotion-related email. occasionally these promotion-related email messages may include personalized advertisements. if you do not wish to receive such advertisements, you can choose not to participate in such promotions or contests.
please note that by refusing to provide personal information or by denying or withdrawing consent to use personal information for purposes identified, you or your company may be unable to participate in certain programs or activities sponsored by us.
if you have established a "user profile" on a motorola solutions web site, you may change the information you provided by visiting that portion of the web site and resubmitting your information. individuals are responsible for providing us with accurate and complete personal information, and for contacting us if correction of such information is required. we will strive to keep information we hold about customers accurate.
under the law of certain jurisdictions (such as the state of california, the state of nevada, the eea and uk), you may also have certain rights in relation to your personal information which can generally be exercised by contacting us. for additional information about the rights available in certain jurisdictions, please review our privacy statement.
please direct any questions concerning motorola solutions' privacy practices to privacy1@motorolasolutions.com.
jump to ...
how to contact us
how to contact us
if you have other questions, comments or concerns about our privacy practices please contact our privacy office at privacy1@motorolasolutions.com or at the address below. if you wish to issue a request to exercise your rights where applicable by law please complete the form found here.
data protection officermotorola solutions, inc.500 w. monroechicago, il usa 60661-3618united states
email: privacy1@motorolasolutions.com
eea & uk privacy points of contact
motorola solutions, inc. has designated specific representatives you can contact in the eea or uk in the following countries: germany, greece, poland, portugal, spain and united kingdom or please send an email to privacy1@motorolasolutions.com indicating your country of residence and we will route you to the appropriate motorola solutions data protection representative.
join the conversations:






about us
about motorola solutions
board of directors
company overview
diversity, equity & inclusion
environmental, social & corporate governance
executive committee
foundation
suppliers
trust center
ventures
partners
motorola partner network
partner finder
distributor finder
mission critical iot solutions partners
become a partner
application catalog
application developer program
reseller partner
discover value of a partner
select right channel partner
partner support
investors
investor relations
corporate governance
events & presentations
financial information
stock information
newsroom
newsroom
events
media contacts
news releases
training
product & systems training
careers
careers
internship program
community
blog
user groups
©motorola solutions, inc. all rights reserved.
privacy statement
terms of use
do not sell my personal information
communication preference
accessibility
feedback
usa & canada
