solutions
energy utilities
water utilities
gas utilities
industrial manufacturing
ev charging
partners
about us
leadership
newsroom
careers
blog
resources
contact us
privacy policy
thank you for visiting https://nanolocksecurity.com/ (the “website“). this privacy policy (the “policy“) explains the information we collect¸ how we use the information¸ some of the security steps taken to protect the information¸ and the choices you have to review or revise such information. this policy forms a part of our terms of use¸ available at: https://nanolocksecurity.com/privacy (the “terms“)¸ and is incorporated thereto by reference. the definitions in our terms apply to this privacy policy unless stated otherwise.
if you have any objections to this privacy¸ you should immediately discontinue use of the website.
what information do we collect and how do we use it?
nanolock security does not collect any personal or identifiable information about its website’s visitors. we do however collect non-personal information (as described below) from our visitors for a variety of reasons¸ including as part of our ongoing efforts to provide superior visitor experience. we also monitor site use and traffic patterns to improve our website design and performance. you may also willingly provide us with your email addresses in order to send you messages.
non-personal information
when you interact with us via the website we receive and store certain personally non-identifiable information. we track this information either directly or through a third-party tracking service. such information¸ which is collected passively using various technologies¸ cannot presently be used to specifically identify you. nanolock security may store such information itself or such information may be included in databases owned and maintained by nanolock security’s affiliates¸ agents or service providers. the website may use such information and pool it with other information from the website to track¸ for example¸ the total number of visitors to our website¸ the number of visitors to each page of our website¸ the domain names of our visitors’ internet service providers¸ and how our users use and interact with the website. nanolock security may share this non-identifiable and aggregate data with its affiliates¸ agents and business partners¸ but this type of non-identifiable and aggregate information does not identify you personally. nanolock security may also disclose aggregated user statistics in order to describe our website to current and prospective business partners and to other third parties for other lawful purposes.
security
nanolock security takes reasonable steps to protect the information provided via the website from loss¸ misuse¸ and unauthorized access¸ disclosure¸ alteration¸ or destruction. however¸ no internet¸ email or other electronic transmission is ever fully secure or error free¸ so you should take special care in deciding what information you send to us in this way.
disclosure of information
we may disclose information to other members of the nanolock security corporate family and our business partners. we will also disclose information as we determine to be required by law.
business partners
we contract with outside services to help us and our business partners better understand your use of the website. these outside services may use cookies or other technologies to collect various kinds of information for us and our business partners related to your use of the website¸ so that we and our business partners may continue to refine and improve this and other sites for our custom
“cookies” are bits of information that are automatically stored on your computer. if you do not want to have cookies on your system¸ you can set your browser to disable them.
we also use other methods of automatic collection to determine information about visitors to our website¸ including the ip address¸ browser¸ language preferences¸ and computer identification numbers. we use the information obtained using these tools to provide better customer service¸ enhance our product offerings¸ and detect potential misuse or fraud.
note to minors under the age of 13
our website is intended for users who are 13 years of age and older.
links to other websites
this policy applies only to the website. the website may contain links to other websites not operated or controlled by nanolock security (“third party sites“). the policies and procedures we described here do not apply to the third party sites. the links from the website do not imply that nanolock security endorses or has reviewed the third party sites. we suggest contacting those websites directly for information on their privacy policies.
policy changes
nanolock security may periodically update this policy including for new¸ unanticipated uses not previously disclosed. any changes made will be posted here. by visiting and continuing to use the website you agree to accept any changes made to this policy. feel free to contact us at: info@nanolocksec.com opens in new window with any questions about our policy.

last updated on: june 5th¸ 2018
subscribe to nanobrief to get fresh perspectives on industry trends and company updates.
some problems were found in the marked fields
problem accured while sending.please try again later
message was sent
privacy overview
