near-miss management
products
company
newsroom
contact
privacy policy
this privacy policy discloses the privacy practices for www.nearmissmgmt.com (“the site”) operated by near-miss management llc (“us”, “we”, or “our”). this privacy policy applies solely to information collected by this web site. it will notify you of the following:
what personally identifiable information is collected from you through the web site, how it is used and with whom it may be shared.
what choices are available to you regarding the use of your data.
the security procedures in place to protect the misuse of your information.
how you can correct any inaccuracies in the information.
information collection, use, and sharing
near-miss management llc is the sole owner of the information collected on this site. we only have access to/collect information that you voluntarily give us via email or other direct contact from you. we will not sell or rent this information to anyone.
we will use your information to respond to you, regarding the reason you contacted us. we will not share your information with any third party outside of our organization. unless you ask us not to, we may contact you via email or phone in the future to tell you about our products or services, or changes to this privacy policy.
your access to and control over information
you may opt out of any future contacts from us at any time. you can do the following at any time by contacting us via the email address or phone number given on our website:
• see what data we have about you, if any.
• change/correct any data we have about you.
• have us delete any data we have about you.
• express any concern you have about our use of your data.
security
we take precautions to protect your information. when you submit personal information via the website, your information is protected both online and offline. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, customer service) are granted access to your information. the computers/servers in which we store personally identifiable information are kept in a secure environment.
links
this web site contains links to other sites. please be aware that we are not responsible for the content or privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of any other site that collects personally identifiable information.
updates
our privacy policy may change from time to time and all updates will be posted on this page.
if you feel that we are not abiding by this privacy policy, you should contact us immediately via telephone at 267-603-2378 or via email at info@nearmissmgmt.com.
benefits
industries
features
how it works
faqs
leadership team
advisory board
academic advisors
events
news
publications
1800 jfk blvd. suite 300
philadelphia, pa 19103
267-603-2378
info@nearmissmgmt.com
near-miss management (nmm) provides one-of-its-kind enterprise risk detection and advanced warning platform for the process industries. described as ​disruptive innovation​ by our customers, nmm products are transforming how risks are managed in industrial operations.
