privacy policy of nebeskie labs pvt. ltd.
welcome to nebeskie, the online and mobile service of nebeskie labs pvt ltd ("nebeskie," "nebeskie labs," "we," or "us").    our privacy policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and protect information that applies to our service, and your choices about the collection and use of your information.     if you do not agree with this privacy policy in general or any part of it, you should not use our online or mobile services.
summary: this page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of personal information if anyone decided to use our service, the www.nebeskie.com website.
if you choose to use our service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. the personal information that we collect are used for providing and improving the service. we will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this privacy policy.
the terms used in this privacy policy have the same meanings as in our terms and conditions, which is accessible at https://nebeskie.com, unless otherwise defined in this privacy policy.
information collection and use
a) information you provide us directly
for a better experience while using our service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your email, phone number, and name. the information that we collect will be used to contact or identify you.
b) information we automatically collect
we will directly collect analytics data, or use third-party analytics tools, to help us measure traffic and usage trends for the service. these tools collect information sent by your browser or mobile device, including the pages you visit and other information (in respect of which, please see the paragraph on log file information below) that assists us in improving the service. for more information on the analytics cookies we use and how to opt out of third parties collecting this information, please read the cookies section below.
we use google analytics in our website to cater you better. we do not share any personally identifiable information with google.
log data
we want to inform you that whenever you visit our service, we collect information that your browser sends to us that is called log data. this log data may include information such as your computer’s internet protocol ("ip") address, browser version, pages of our service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, and other statistics.
sharing your information
we will not rent or sell your information to third parties outside nebeskie and its group companies (including any parent, subsidiaries and affiliates) without your consent, except as noted in this section:
who we share your information with
we share your information with third-party service providers for the purpose of providing the service to you and to facilitate nebeskie's legitimate interests in providing a service which is useful to you. those service providers will only be provided with access to your information as is reasonably necessary for the purpose that nebeskie has engaged the service provider, and we will require that such third parties comply with this privacy policy, appropriate data processing terms and any applicable laws.some of the third parties that nebeskie may share your personal information with include providers who assist nebeskie with functions such as:
billing;
customer support and customer management;
email services;
hosting and storage;
analytics; and
delivery of physical products;
cookies
cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. these are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your computer’s hard drive.
our website uses these "cookies" to collection information and to improve our service. you have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your computer. if you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our service.
for more general information on cookies, please read "what are cookies".
for more information on how to manage the most popular browsers, please see below:
google chromehttps://support.google.com/chrome/answer/95647?hl=en
internet explorerhttps://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/17442/windows-internet-explorer-delete-manage-cookies
firefoxhttps://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/cookies-information-websites-store-on-your-computer?
safarihttps://support.apple.com/en-au/guide/safari/sfri11471/
service providers
we may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:
to facilitate our service;
to provide the service on our behalf;
to perform service-related services; or
to assist us in analyzing how our service is used.
we want to inform our service users that these third parties have access to your personal information. the reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. however, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.
security
we value your trust in providing us your personal information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. but remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.
links to other sites
our service may contain links to other sites. if you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. note that these external sites are not operated by us. therefore, we strongly advise you to review the privacy policy of these websites. we have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.
children's privacy
our services do not address anyone under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. in the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. if you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.
changes to this privacy policy
we may update our privacy policy from time to time. thus, we advise you to review this page periodically for any changes. we will notify you of any changes by posting the new privacy policy on this page. these changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.
contact us
if you have any questions or suggestions about our privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
