menu    back
new arrivals
ring lights
lighting & studio
microphones & accessories
others
tripods
lighting & studiomonolightbackdrop kitshooting tentlight standsoftboxmonitor
monolight
backdrop kit
shooting tent
light stand
softbox
monitor
led panel lightbi-color panel lightrgb panel lighton-camera lighttable top lightlight wand
bi-color panel light
rgb panel light
on-camera light
table top light
light wand
ring lightclassic ring lighttable top ring lightrgb ring lighttouch screen ring light2.4g remote control
classic ring light
table top ring light
rgb ring light
touch screen ring light
2.4g remote control
tripodcomplete tripod & monopodphone tripodmini tripodslidervideo tripodtripod head & accessories
complete tripod & monopod
phone tripod
mini tripod
slider
video tripod
tripod head & accessories
othersmicrophonecondenser microphonedynamic microphonemic for smartphonemic & webcam standmicrophone accessoriesspeedlite flashzoom call lens & filterstabilizerbag & casebatteries & chargeroutdoor photography
microphonecondenser microphonedynamic microphonemic for smartphonemic & webcam standmicrophone accessories
condenser microphone
dynamic microphone
mic for smartphone
mic & webcam stand
microphone accessories
speedlite flash
zoom call
lens & filter
stabilizer
bag & case
batteries & charger
outdoor photography
big sale
login
facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest
youtube
your cart is empty

lighting & studiomonolightbackdrop kitshooting tentlight standsoftboxmonitor
led panel lightbi-color panel lightrgb panel lighton-camera lighttable top lightlight wand
ring lightclassic ring lighttable top ring lightrgb ring lighttouch screen ring light2.4g remote control
tripodcomplete tripod & monopodphone tripodmini tripodslidervideo tripodtripod head & accessories
othersmicrophonespeedlite flashzoom call lens & filterstabilizerbag & casebatteries & chargeroutdoor photography
big sale
login
cart                0

0
privacy policy
this privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their “personally identifiable information” (pii) is being used online. pii, as described in us privacy law and information security, is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. please read our privacy policy carefully to get a clear understanding of how we collect, use, protect or otherwise handle your personally identifiable information in accordance with our website.
what personal information do we collect from the people that visit our website?
when ordering or registering on our site, as appropriate, you may be asked to enter your name, email address or other details to help you with your experience.
when do we collect information?
we collect information from you when you register on our site, place an order, subscribe to a newsletter, respond to a survey, open a support ticket or enter information on our site.
how do we use your information?
we may use the information we collect from you when you register, make a purchase, sign up for our newsletter, respond to a survey or marketing communication, surf the website, or use certain other site features in the following ways:
to personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.
to allow us to better service you in responding to your customer service requests.
to administer a contest, promotion, survey or other site feature.
to quickly process your transactions.
to follow up with you after correspondence (live chat, email or phone inquiries)
how do we protect your information?
our website is scanned on a regular basis for security holes and known vulnerabilities in order to make your visit to our site as safe as possible.
we use regular malware scanning.
your personal information is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to such systems and are required to keep the information confidential. in addition, all sensitive/credit information you supply is encrypted via secure socket layer (ssl) technology.
we implement a variety of security measures when a user places an order enters, submits, or accesses their information to maintain the safety of your personal information.
all transactions are processed through a gateway provider and are not stored or processed on our servers.
do we use “cookies”?
yes. cookies are small files that a site or its service provider transfers to your computer’s hard drive through your web browser (if you allow) that enables the site’s or service provider’s systems to recognize your browser and capture and remember certain information. for instance, we use cookies to help us remember and process the items in your shopping cart. they are also used to help us understand your preferences based on previous or current site activity, which enables us to provide you with improved services. we also use cookies to help us compile aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction so that we can offer better site experiences and tools in the future.
we use cookies to:
help remember and process the items in the shopping cart.
understand and save user’s preferences for future visits.
you can choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. you do this through your browser settings. since browser is a little different, look at your browser’s help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies.
if you turn cookies off, it will not affect the user’s experience.
third-party disclosure
we do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information unless we provide users with advance notice. this does not include website hosting partners and other parties who assist us in operating our website, conducting our business, or serving our users, so long as those parties agree to keep this information confidential. we may also release information when its release is appropriate to comply with the law, enforce our site policies, or protect ours or others’ rights, property or safety.
however, non-personally identifiable visitor information may be provided to other parties for marketing, advertising, or other uses.
third-party links
we do not include or offer third-party products or services on our website.
google
google’s advertising requirements can be summed up by google’s advertising principles. they are put in place to provide a positive experience for users.
https://support.google.com/adwordspolicy/answer/1316548?hl=en
we use google adsense advertising on our website.
google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. google’s use of the dart cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the internet. users may opt-out of the use of the dart cookie by visiting the google ad and content network privacy policy.
we have implemented the following:
remarketing with google adsense
google display network impression reporting
we, along with third-party vendors such as google use first-party cookies (such as the google analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the doubleclick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.
opting out:
users can set preferences for how google advertises to you using the google ad settings page. alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the network advertising initiative opt-out page or by using the google analytics opt-out browser add on.
california online privacy protection act
caloppa is the first state law in the nation to require commercial websites and online services to post a privacy policy. the law’s reach stretches well beyond california to require any person or company in the united states (and conceivably the world) that operates websites collecting personally identifiable information from california consumers to post a conspicuous privacy policy on its website stating exactly the information being collected and those individuals or companies with whom it is being shared. – see more at:
http://consumercal.org/california-online-privacy-protection-act-caloppa/#sthash.0fdrbt51.dpuf
according to caloppa, we agree to the following:
users can visit our site anonymously.
once this privacy policy is created, we will add a link to it on our home page or as a minimum, on the first significant page after entering our website.
our privacy policy link includes the word “privacy” and can easily be found on the page specified above.
you will be notified of any privacy policy changes:
on our privacy policy page
can change your personal information:
by logging in to your account
how does our site handle do not track signals?
we honor do not track signals and do not track, plant cookies, or use advertising when a do not track (dnt) browser mechanism is in place.
does our site allow third-party behavioral tracking?
it is also important to note that we do not allow third-party behavioral tracking
coppa (children online privacy protection act)
when it comes to the collection of personal information from children under the age of 13 years old, the children’s online privacy protection act (coppa) puts parents in control. the federal trade commission, united states’ consumer protection agency, enforces the coppa rule, which spells out what operators of websites and online services must do to protect children’s privacy and safety online.
we do not specifically market to children under the age of 13 years old.
fair information practices
the fair information practices principles form the backbone of privacy law in the united states and the concepts they include have played a significant role in the development of data protection laws around the globe. understanding the fair information practice principles and how they should be implemented is critical to comply with the various privacy laws that protect personal information.
in order to be in line with fair information practices we will take the following responsive action, should a data breach occur:
we will notify you via email
within 7 business days
we will notify the users via in-site notification
within 7 business days
we also agree to the individual redress principle which requires that individuals have the right to legally pursue enforceable rights against data collectors and processors who fail to adhere to the law. this principle requires not only that individuals have enforceable rights against data users, but also that individuals have recourse to courts or government agencies to investigate and/or prosecute non-compliance by data processors.
can-spam act
the can-spam act is a law that sets the rules for commercial email, establishes requirements for commercial messages, gives recipients the right to have emails stopped from being sent to them, and spells out tough penalties for violations.
we collect your email address in order to:
market to our mailing list or continue to send emails to our clients after the original transaction has occurred.
to be in accordance with can-spam, we agree to the following:
not use false or misleading subjects or email addresses.
identify the message as an advertisement in some reasonable way.
include the physical address of our business or site headquarters.
monitor third-party email marketing services for compliance if one is used.
honor opt-out/unsubscribe requests quickly.
allow users to unsubscribe by using the link at the bottom of each email.
if at any time you would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, you can email us at
follow the instructions at the bottom of each email.
and we will promptly remove you from all correspondence.
contacting us
if there are any questions regarding this privacy policy, you may contact us using the information below.
neewer.com
15 cotters ln east brunswick, new jersey 08816 united states
support@neewer.com
• to become a vip customer.
• be the first to know about product updates and new releases.
company info
about us
vip membership rewards
your vip rewards
neewer affiliate program
support
faqs
contact us
upgrade firmware and software
neewer master app introduction
download neewer app manuals
customer care
search
warranty policy
refund policy
terms of service
shipping & delivery
refund policy
connect with us
facebook
twitter
instagram
pinterest
youtube
american express
apple pay
diners club
discover
facebook pay
google pay
mastercard
paypal
shop pay
venmo
visa
