spec india
servicescustom software development enterprise mobilitytechnology consultingbusiness intelligence & analyticson-demand teamproduct engineeringlegacy application modernizationsoftware testing & qasla driven 24/7 support
custom software development enterprise mobilitytechnology consultingbusiness intelligence & analyticson-demand teamproduct engineeringlegacy application modernizationsoftware testing & qasla driven 24/7 support
custom software development
enterprise mobility
technology consulting
business intelligence & analytics
on-demand team
product engineering
legacy application modernization
software testing & qa
sla driven 24/7 support
technology.net coreasp.netjavapower bitableaupentahodevopsiotbeaconsfullstackmean stackreactangularjsnodejsvuejskotlinswiftreact nativeflutterpythonmlbig datasalesforceraiazureaws our innovationhire highly-skilled on-demand teams to build sustainable, secure, and strategic digital solutions.let's connect
.net coreasp.netjavapower bitableaupentahodevopsiotbeaconsfullstackmean stackreactangularjsnodejsvuejskotlinswiftreact nativeflutterpythonmlbig datasalesforceraiazureaws
.net core
asp.net
java
power bi
tableau
pentaho
devops
iot
beacons
fullstack
mean stack
react
angularjs
nodejs
vuejs
kotlin
swift
react native
flutter
python
ml
big data
salesforce
r
ai
azure
aws
our innovationhire highly-skilled on-demand teams to build sustainable, secure, and strategic digital solutions.let's connect
our innovation
hire highly-skilled on-demand teams to build sustainable, secure, and strategic digital solutions.
industriesretail & fmcghealthcaresupply chain & logisticseducationmanufacturingadvertisingtravel & hospitalitymedia & entertainmentenergy & utilitiesbfsi
retail & fmcghealthcaresupply chain & logisticseducationmanufacturingadvertisingtravel & hospitalitymedia & entertainmentenergy & utilitiesbfsi
retail & fmcg
healthcare
supply chain & logistics
education
manufacturing
advertising
travel & hospitality
media & entertainment
energy & utilities
bfsi
business solutionscustom mobile erpmobile sales force automation (sfa)enterprise crmwarehouse management systementerprise service & maintenance solutionvehicle tracking systemhelp desk management systemlaundry management systemspot billing system
custom mobile erpmobile sales force automation (sfa)enterprise crmwarehouse management systementerprise service & maintenance solutionvehicle tracking systemhelp desk management systemlaundry management systemspot billing system
custom mobile erp
mobile sales force automation (sfa)
enterprise crm
warehouse management system
enterprise service & maintenance solution
vehicle tracking system
help desk management system
laundry management system
spot billing system
our workcase studylive bi visualizationportfolio
case studylive bi visualizationportfolio
companyoverviewquality policygdprtestimonialslife @ speccsrevents & newsengagement modelsproject execution modelscontact uscareerblog
overviewquality policygdprtestimonialslife @ speccsrevents & newsengagement modelsproject execution modelscontact uscareerblog
overview
quality policy
gdpr
testimonials
life @ spec
csr
events & news
engagement models
project execution models
contact us
career
blog

privacy policy
spec india has created this privacy statement to demonstrate our firm’s commitment to privacy. we understand you trust us with your personal information hence this site has security measures in place to protect the loss, misuse, alteration of information provided. spec india is committed to providing privacy to our visitors. this policy is to bring before you the information that we collect, why we collect it and what we do with it; further ensuring that spec india is compliant with the general data protection regulation (gdpr) standards.
this privacy policy is applicable to the below-mentioned domains:
spec-india.com
www.mobilesalesforceautomation.net
www.spec-qa.com
personal information
you can visit spec india on the internet without revealing any information about yourself. the website collects only the information which is volunteered by the site such as feedback and the e-mail addresses of those who communicate with us via e-mail. to give relevant content based on your preferences, we may need to ask your personal information:
full name
email id
telephone number
country
digital identification viz. internet service provider (isp), internet protocol (ip) address, browser type, os, device details
metadata viz. location, cookies, time spent on pages, the information being surfed, access timing details etc.
in case you do not provide your personal information, we may not be able to serve your request. please be rest assured that spec india does not utilize personal information to take automatic decisions
disclosure of personal information
spec india does not share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes without seeking your prior permission. we will seek your consent prior to using or sharing your personal information for any purpose beyond the requirement for which it was originally collected.
we may share your personal information within the organization for data processing, storage, or to provide a requested service or transaction, after ensuring that such entities are contractually bound by data privacy obligations.
specific categories of personal information
spec india does not ask for the below listed delicate information unless needed by the law such as in the event of a court case.
racial information
political / religious / philosophical views
genetic or biometric information
health / mortality / sex-related information
data security, retention, and usage of cookies
spec india follows required appropriate security, administrative measures and processes that are a must to take care and guard your personal information. spec india may retain your personal information if there is a business requirement, or if otherwise required under applicable laws.
if you register yourself with any of our units online, a technology namely cookies may be used to provide you with information. a cookie is a small data element which a website can send to your browser, which will be stored on your hard drive so that it can be recognized when you return. registering online with any of our services shows your assertive consent to receive such cookies.
third party sites
regarding the links to other sites, spec india is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. this privacy/security statement does not apply to any third-party websites that are linked from this website. even third-party logos, brands & names used on this website are the property of their respective owners. spec india will not share your personal information with third parties for marketing purposes, without your prior consent.
we may provide links to third-party websites and services. however, we are not responsible for the privacy statements, practices or the contents of such third-party websites.
emails / newsletters
as a normal routine, we may utilize your email address to share the latest news/happenings at our end, with the help of our secure email marketing service provider. we use the third-party data processor – activetrail and your email information are also stored with us in our backend database as well as our crm system.
marketing & advertisement
the information you make available to us by visiting  our site, content or avail our services; we may display personalized/targeted online advertisements through google owned and operated sites/associated sites.
we do not share any of your personal information with the third-party sites / advertising agencies that are responsible for showing targeted ads. yet, these third-parties and advertisers may understand that the users who interact with such ads are part of that group for whom ads are targeted. also, some of these parties may give us information like demographic info or sites where you have been shown ads from various sources; that we may utilize to offer you enhanced / relevant advertising.
data protection officer
respecting the significance of data protection, spec india has appointed a responsible data protection officer at the headquarters in ahmedabad who is well versed with the intricacies of organization’s internal data privacy policies and practices. you can contact the official for any query regarding the same. following are the contact details of spec india’s data protection officer:
address: spec india, parth complex, swastik cross road, ahmedabad, gujarat, india
email id: [email protected]
contact no. : +91 79 26404031 ext. 27
user privileges and access
spec india is committed to give information (as listed below), requested by the user, after complete verification and within 30 days from the date of request. only if it is needed by the law, it can be given earlier with an official email to [email protected]. if it cannot be given earlier, we will provide the timeframe when it will be available. the info that can be asked by users is as below:
what personal information related to the user that is under process?
who possesses the access rights to this useful information?
authentication / rectification of personal information
deletion of personal information unless required by law such as in event of the court case
third-party data processors
we have been utilizing several authentic third-party data processors for a variety of work. these third-parties are highly secure and comply with the rules and regulations set in the eu gdpr regulation act 2018.
google (privacy policy)
active trail (privacy policy)
office365 (security and compliance)
tawk.to (privacy policy)
data breach
in case of any data breach of personal information/website’s database / third-party data, processors is apparent, we will, within 72 hours, inform to all relevant authorities about the same.
policy for children
we ensure that we do not collect personal information of children under 16. if knowingly or unknowingly, some child under 16 has given us personal information, we will connect with parent for consent or delete that information. if you want to inform us about such a happening, please write to us at [email protected]
updating this privacy policy
spec india reserves the right to change, modify, or update this statement at any time. in case of any change, it will be marked on the top of the privacy policy page with a revised last updated date. in case of material changes, we will inform you through email or a notice on the home page of our website. we would appreciate if you have a look at our privacy policy at www.spec-india.com and keep updated with our practices.
if you have any questions about this privacy statement, the practices of this site, or your dealings with this website, you can contact [email protected]. all other trademarks and logos belong to their respective owners. all rights reserved.
contact now

india
“spec house”, parth complex, near swastik cross roads, navarangpura, ahmedabad 380009, india.
+91-79-26404031, 32, 33, 34
usa
“spec partner", 350 grove street, bridgewater, nj 08807, united states.
+1 908-450-9862
services
custom software development
enterprise mobility
business intelligence and analytics
web application development
mobile app development
ui / ux design
technology consulting
cloud deployment
devops
quick links
blog
career
news
life @ spec
case study
newsletter
contact us
sitemap
privacy policy
terms of use
tech in 200 words
© 2022 spec india. all rights reserved.
request a quote
.doc, .docx, .pdf, .xls, .xlsx, .jpg and .png files with 5mb size allowed.
privacy overview
