main navigation
productsour product portfoliorouter & gatewaysaccess pointswitchesantennasaccessoriessoftware
our product portfolio
router & gateways
access point
switches
antennas
accessories
software
marketsindustry & automationpublic transportationsmart cityenergy & resourcestransportation & logisticpublic safetyretail
industry & automation
public transportation
smart city
energy & resources
transportation & logistic
public safety
retail
servicesconsultingsupportproduct adaptationoem products
consulting
support
product adaptation
oem products
about netmoduleportraithistorynewsroomjobs
portrait
history
newsroom
jobs
supportsupport requestsreturnsnotificationsportfolio changesdownloadswiki5g – questions & answers
support requests
returns
notifications
portfolio changes
downloads
wiki
5g – questions & answers
distributors
contact
newsroom
de
en
privacy statement
we at netmodule ag (maulbeerstrasse 10, 3011 bern, schweiz) take data protection very seriously. the following declaration gives you information about the collection and storage of personal data on our website, and ways in which such data may come to be used. netmodule ag (hereinafter referred to as ‘netmodule’) is the responsible party as understood by data protection legislation, and is responsible for processing your data. this declaration applies to all services and activities offered and carried out by us in connection with our website https://www.netmodule.com. it applies in the same way to mobile terminal devices, as well as to online offerings and postings that have been adapted to different platforms.
personal data
personal data are all items of information that relate to an identified or identifiable natural person. personal data form the basis for identifying or contacting a data subject. these include for example your name, address, e-mail address, telephone number and the ip address assigned to you by your internet service provider. information that does not form a basis for identifying you (anonymous data) does not fall in the category of personal data.
automatically transmitted data relating to online use
when you visit our website, your internet automatically sends us, for technical reasons, certain details relating to your use of the site, along with what are known as ‘server log files’. the following information, for example, will be communicated to us:
date and time of access
url address of the referring website
file you have accessed
quantity of data transmitted
host name of the computer making contact (ip address)
your browser type and version
your operating system.
this information is only used by us for purposes connected with the technical administration of our website, for protecting ourselves against illicit actions in connection with the site and in some cases for purposes of statistical evaluation. we reserve the right to scrutinise these records subsequently, if we have concrete grounds to justify the supposition that illicit actions have taken place.
data collected and processed from your statements
fundamentally you can use our website without letting us have any further personal data. personal data will only be collected and stored if you have given us a separate declaration of consent. unless stated otherwise, these data will only be used for dealing with your specific request.
general contact / queries
if you get in touch with us by e-mail or by using our contact form, we will store the data you provide for the purpose of dealing with your query and any possible subsequent questions that may arise.
ssl encryption
in order to ensure the security of your data during transmission, we use the most up-to-date encryption techniques (like ssl for example) based on https.
newsletter
our newsletter gives you information about our offers, services and projects. we send out newsletters and e-mails containing advertising information only with the consent of the recipient. to subscribe to our newsletter, you need to give us your first name and surname and your e-mail address. in order to verify the e-mail address, you will first be sent a log-in e-mail, requesting you to confirm by clicking on a link (this is the ‘double opt-in procedure’). for documentation purposes, the times of initial contact and confirmation will be recorded, along with your ip address.
for our newsletter we make use of mailchimp, a newsletter tool of the rocket science group, llc, 675 ponce de leon ave ne, suite 5000, atlanta, ga 30308, usa (‘mailchimp’). the data will be stored on servers in the usa. mailchimp is certified under the american-european data protection agreement privacy shield.
mailchimp offers the possibility of statistically evaluating data relating to internet use. these include, for example, such items of information as whether an e-mail has reached the recipient or has been rejected by the server, and what links have been clicked on. for this mailchimp uses what is known as a ‘tracking pixel’, which is called by the mailchimp server when the newsletter is opened. with a view to the technical optimisation of the service, certain technical details (e.g. your ip address, browser type and version and the time of access) will also be registered. if users do not want their data to be processed by mailchimp, they should not subscribe to the newsletter.
further information about data protection and the cookies used in this connection may be found at https://mailchimp.com/legal/privacy. you have the right to withdraw your consent to receiving our newsletter at any time, with effect for the future. all you have to do is to unsubscribe. there is a link provided for the purpose at the end of every newsletter.
cookies
some of our webpages make use of cookies, which serve the purpose of making our website more user-friendly, effective and secure. cookies are small text files which are deposited on your terminal device and stored by your browser. most of the cookies we use are ‘session cookies’. these are automatically deleted at the end of your visit. other cookies remain on your terminal device until you delete them. these cookies make it possible for us to recognise your browser the next time you visit us. you can adjust the settings of your browser in such a way that you will be informed about the placement of cookies, and allow them only in individual cases, or you can decline to accept them in specific cases or decline them altogether. you can also activate the automatic deletion of cookies when you close your browser. when cookies are disabled, you may not be able to use the full functionality of our website. further information about cookies may be found here: http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
google analytics
this website uses google analytics, a web analysis service of the google company (google llc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa). google analytics uses cookies for the purpose. these form the basis for analysis of your use of our site.
the information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will be transmitted to a google server in the usa and stored there. we use google analytics with the extension ‘anonymizeip()’, so that the ip addresses transmitted to google will be abbreviated before further processing takes place, to exclude any direct reference to your personal identity (this is known as ‘ip masking’). google will make use of this information to evaluate your visit to the website, to compile reports about activities on our site and to provide further services associated with website and internet use. google may also pass on this information to third parties, in so far as this is required by statute or in case the data is to be processed by a third party on google’s behalf. on no account will google combine your ip address with other data in its possession.
you can prevent the installation of the cookie for google analytics by adjusting your browser software accordingly; but we beg to inform you that in this case you may not be able to make use of all the functions of our website to the full extent. you can prevent the collection and storage of data for google analytics at any time, with effect for the future, by using google’s opt-out browser plug-in (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de). please be aware that you will have to opt out more than once if you make a practice of deleting the cookies on your browser, or if you access our website with a different browser. further information about google analytics may be found here: http://www.google.com/intl/de/analytics/learn/privacy.html
google tag manager
google tag manager is another google product, which makes it possible for us to manage website tags by way of an interface. the tag manager is a cookie-free domain, and does not register any personal data. the tool serves for the activation of other tags, which in their turn may then register data in certain circumstances. google tag manager does not access these data itself. if a deactivation is carried out at domain or cookie level, this remains in force for all tracking tags that have been implemented by google tag manager. if you would rather not be sent advertising based on your interests, you can disable the use of cookies by google for these purposes by going to https://www.google.com/settings/ads/plugin.
google maps
we use google maps for map displays. for the link to work, google must be able to see the user’s ip address. the ip address is essential, if it is to be possible to send content to the user’s browser. we beg to inform you that google has its own privacy policy guidelines, which are independent of our own. before using our website, please inform yourself about the data protection provisions of google by visiting www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/. google maps is based on a javascript code, so that you can prevent it from executing at all if you disable javascript in your browser settings, or install a javascript blocker. please be aware that this may make it impossible for our website to display correctly.
use of youtube plug-ins
youtube videos are embedded on some of our webpages. the operator of the plug-ins in this case is youtube llc, 901 cherry ave., san bruno, ca 94066, usa. if you visit a page which has a youtube plug-in, it sets up a link to the youtube servers. as a result, youtube learns what pages you are visiting. if you are logged in to your youtube account, youtube can associate your surfing practices with you personally. you can prevent this by logging out of your youtube account before you visit our site.
when a youtube video starts, the provider places cookies on your computer which collect indications of user behaviour.
if you have disabled the storage of cookies for the google adwords program, you will be able to watch youtube videos without worrying about cookies of this kind. youtube does however also store non-personal use information on other cookies. if you want to prevent this, you need to block the storage of cookies in your browser settings.
further information about data protection on youtube may found in the data protection declaration of the provider at: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/.
monotype web fonts
for the display of fonts on our website we make use of font types provided by monotype imaging holdings inc., 600 unicorn park drive, woburn, massachusetts 01801, usa (‘monotype’). this involves use of a content delivery network (cdn), which forms a basis for the display of fonts. the cdn is linked in by means of a javascript code, which is conditional on monotype’s being able to see the ip address of the user. this use of web fonts in connection with monotype’s services may involve calling an external monotype server located outside the eu (e.g. in the usa). we beg to inform you that monotype has its own privacy guidelines, which are independent of our own. please advise yourself of monotype’s data protection provisions at www.monotype.com/de/rechtshinweise/datenschutzrichtlinie/. web fonts are based on a javascript code, so you can prevent them executing altogether by disabling javascript in the settings of your browser, or by installing a javascript blocker. please be aware that in that case our webpages may display incorrectly.
web fonts from google
our site uses google’s webfonts (https://www.google.com/webfonts/). google web fonts are transferred to your computer so that you do not have to keep downloading fonts to the cache of your browser. if your browser does not support google webfonts or prevents access, texts will be displayed in a standard font. calling a script library or font library automatically triggers a connection with the operator of the library. this means it is possible that the operators of such libraries may collect data.
the data protection policy of the library operator google may be found here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/.
data security
we take all statutory precautions to protect your personal data against loss, destruction, falsification, manipulation and unauthorised access. you should however be aware that no internet transfer of data can ever be 100% secure or immune from error. we would ask you please to bear this in mind when using this website. e-mail communications that you send to us are not encrypted. so please do not send us any confidential or sensitive data by this communication channel.
links to other websites
this privacy statement only applies to our own website. our website may however include links to external websites not bound by the content of this declaration. if you use a link to leave our website, you would be recommended to pay careful attention to the data protection policy of any website you visit.
changes to our terms and conditions of data protection
we hereby reserve the right to modify this privacy statement on occasion, in order to comply at all times with current legal requirements, or in order to incorporate changes in our services in the context of the declaration, e.g. if new services are introduced. when you visit us again thereafter, your visit will be subject to the terms of the privacy statement in the new version.
your rights
you have the right to obtain information from us at any time, free of charge, about the personal data we hold for you, to correct them if they are wrong, to block them or to delete them. to do this, please contact us by post or by e-mail, using the contact details given below:
netmodule agstefan leuenbergermaulbeerstrasse 103011 bernschweize-mail: stefan.leuenberger@netmodule.com
01.01.2020 | version 1.0
_site.mainfooter
products
industrial routers
vehicle routers
railway routers
antennas
router-software
remote management
technologies
antennas
euicc (esim)
5g
partner area
netmodule insights
subscribe to our newsletter and receive the latest information about new products and software versions.
newsletter archive
© netmodule ag
cookie settings
privacy statement
legal notice
gtc
