managed threat protection backmanaged threat protectioneventtrackerpowerful threat prediction, prevention, detection, and response along with compliance in a scalable, simple managed solution.solution overview managed threat protection platform details threat protection platform key capabilities  backkey capabilitiessecurity operations centersiemendpoint securitythreat detection & responseintrusion detectionvulnerability managementthreat huntingransomware protectionmicrosoft 365 securityregulatory compliancebusiness applications  backbusiness applicationsprivate equitybanking & financial serviceshealthcare & pharmaceuticalretail & hospitality
managed threat protection
eventtracker
powerful threat prediction, prevention, detection, and response along with compliance in a scalable, simple managed solution.
solution overview managed threat protection
platform details threat protection platform
key capabilities
key capabilities
security operations center
siem
endpoint security
threat detection & response
intrusion detection
vulnerability management
threat hunting
ransomware protection
microsoft 365 security
regulatory compliance
business applications
business applications
private equity
banking & financial services
healthcare & pharmaceutical
retail & hospitality
secure edge networking backsecure edge networkingannouncementacumera acquires netsurion's secure edge networking.whether you have 10 locations or 10,000+, acumera’s combination of edge computing, networking, security, and 24x7 support gives you the flexibility to manage and scale your distributed networks while unlocking unlimited possibilities for innovation. as network security leaders and edge originators, acumera combines the immediacy of localized computing with the power of the cloud, enabling real-time computation to deliver value to your business. read more
secure edge networking
announcement
acumera acquires netsurion's secure edge networking.
whether you have 10 locations or 10,000+, acumera’s combination of edge computing, networking, security, and 24x7 support gives you the flexibility to manage and scale your distributed networks while unlocking unlimited possibilities for innovation. as network security leaders and edge originators, acumera combines the immediacy of localized computing with the power of the cloud, enabling real-time computation to deliver value to your business. read more
partners backpartnerspartner program overviewaccelerate business growth through our award-winning partner program.partner program overview managed service provider program
partners
partner program overview
accelerate business growth through our award-winning partner program.
partner program overview
managed service provider program
insights backinsightsinsightsview allcybersecuritycompliancesoc catch of the daywebcasts & events
insights
insights
view all
cybersecurity
compliance
soc catch of the day
webcasts & events
company backcompanyabout usabout netsurionleadershipnewscareerscontact us
company
about us
about netsurion
leadership
news
careers
contact us

support
support
mynetsurion
contact us
how to buy
privacy policy
last modified: 5/10/2022
this netsurion llc (“netsurion”) privacy notice (“privacy notice”) describes how netsurion llc (“netsurion”, “we” or “us”) collects, uses, shares, and retains personal information that users (each, a “user”) provide to us, or that we collect, when you use the netsurion website located at https://www.netsurion.com and/or other websites owned or controlled by netsurion (the “site(s)”) or related mobile applications, use netsurion products and services and complete related forms, participate in netsurion events, or communicate with one of our customer service representatives (“personal data”). by using the site(s), you signify your acceptance of this policy and terms of service. if you do not agree to this policy, you must not use the site(s) or mobile applications, or provide personal information to us in connection with netsurion’s products or services. your continued use of the site(s) following the posting of changes to this policy will be deemed your acceptance of those changes.
1. privacy shield policy
2. complaints and data protection contact
3. collection of personal information
a) personal identification information
b) data integrity and purpose limitation
c) accountability for forward transfer
d) communications with netsurion
4. information we automatically collect from you
a) non-personal identification information
b) cookies
the pages you visit within the sites;
the date and time of your visit to the sites;
the amount of time you spend using the sites;
the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your computer to the internet; and/or
your computer and connection information such as your browser type and version, operating system and platform.
5. information collected by third parties via third-party links and content
a) information collected by third-party analytics services
b) information you share or post on third-party websites or through social media services
6. online advertising; tracking
7. use, sharing and retention of personal information
a) how we use your information
to improve customer service – the information you provide helps us respond to your customer service requests and support needs more efficiently.
to personalize user experience -- we may use information in the aggregate to understand how our users as a group use the services and resources provided on our site(s).
to send periodic emails -- we may use the email address to respond to their inquiries, questions, and/or other requests. if users decide to opt-in to our mailing list, they will receive emails that may include company news, updates, related product or service information, etc. if at any time the user would like to unsubscribe from receiving future emails, we include detailed unsubscribe instructions at the bottom of each email.
netsurion also uses your information, as permitted by law, to provide you with information about netsurion, our products and services or other products and services in which we believe you may be interested. if you are a registered user, we may email you about products and services that we believe may be of interest to you. if you wish to opt-out of receiving these emails from us, please follow the instructions contained in an applicable email you receive from us, which will allow you to opt-out of receiving these types of email communications from us.
b) how we share your information with third parties
c) information for individuals located in the european union
whenever we require your consent for the processing of your personal information such processing will be justified pursuant to article 6(1) lit. (a) of the general data protection regulation (eu) 2016/679 (“gdpr”). this article in the gdpr describes when processing can be done lawfully.
if the processing of your personal data is necessary for the performance of a contract between you and netsurion or for taking any pre-contractual steps upon your request, such processing will be based on gdpr article 6(1) lit. (b).”). if this data is not processed, netsurion will not be able to execute the contract with you.
where the processing is necessary for us to comply with a legal obligation, we will process your information on basis of gdpr article 6(1) lit. (c), for example complying in the fields of employment law.
and where the processing is necessary for the purposes of netsurion’s legitimate interests, such processing will be made in accordance with gdpr article 6(1) lit. (f), for example to detect fraud.
d) transferring personal data from the eu to the us
e) european union data subject rights
8. security of your information
9. data storage and retention
10. children
11. modifications to this privacy notice
this site uses cookies to store information on your computer. some are essential to make our site work; others help us improve the user experience. by using the site, you consent to the placement of these cookies. read our privacy statement to learn more.
contact us
(713) 929-0200
customer support
partners@netsurion.com
sales@netsurion.com
partners
partner program overview
managed service provider program
partner portal login
quick links
why netsurion?
blog
careers
managed threat protection
follow us:





stay in the loop
terms of use
|
privacy policy
|
soc 2 type 2 compliant
|
contact us
|
sitemap
|
copyright © 2022 netsurion. all rights reserved.
