get the new gartner report: by 2025, more than 80% of newly created supply chain applications will leverage ai.
newsletter
get the new gartner report: by 2025, more than 80% of newly created supply chain applications will leverage ai.
privacy policy
last updated: december 21, 2021
noodle analytics, inc. and its affiliates (“noodle analytics,” “we,” “our,” and/or “us”) are committed to protecting the privacy of individuals who visit our website https://noodle.ai and its affiliated domains (the “website”) or use products and services that link to this privacy policy (collectively, the “services”). this privacy policy (the “privacy policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share personal information from or about the users of our services (“users”, “you”). by using our services, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information as described in this privacy policy.
personal information we collect
we collect a variety of personal information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below. in this privacy policy, “personal information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.
if you do not provide your personal information when requested, you may not be able to use our services if that personal information is necessary to provide our services or if we are legally required to collect it. where required by applicable law, we indicate whether and why you must provide us with your personal information, as well as the consequences of failing to do so.
a. personal information you provide to us
communications. if you contact us directly, we may receive personal information about you. for example, when you contact us through our services we will receive the personal information you choose to provide to us, such as your first name, last name, email address, company name, the content of your message, and other information you choose to provide. if you sign up for our newsletter, we will receive your email address. when we send you emails, we may track whether you open them to learn how to deliver a better customer experience and improve our services.
request a demo. if you request a demo of our products and services through our website, we will collect your first name, last name, email address, company information, phone number, and any information you choose to provide us.
careers. if you decide to apply for a job with us, you may provide us with your contact information, resume, education, employment experience and other information you choose to submit as part of your application. if you apply for a job with us through a third-party platform (such as glassdoor or linkedin), we will collect the personal information you make available to us through such third-party platform.
b. personal information we collect when you use our services
location information. when you use our services, we may infer the general physical location of your device and the geographic regions where our users are located. for example, your ip address may indicate your general geographic region.
device information. we receive information about the device and software you use to access our services, including internet protocol (“ip”) address, web browser type, operating system version, and unique device identifiers.
usage information. to help us understand how you use our services and to help us improve them, when you use our services, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our services, like log files, performance logs, diagnostic reports, the pages or other content you view, the searches you conduct, pages you request, the websites you visited before visiting the website, and the dates, times, and durations of your use of our services.
information from cookies and similar technologies. we and our third-party partners may collect personal information using cookies, beacons, invisible tags, and similar technologies (collectively “cookies”). we use cookies to collect information about your browsing activities and to distinguish you from other users of our services. cookies are small files of letters and numbers that we store on your browser or the hard drive of your computer. we may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. a session cookie disappears after you close your browser. a persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our website. please review your web browser’s “help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. for more information on how to block cookies, please see the section "how to block cookies" in section iv below.
c. personal information we receive from third parties
partners. we may receive additional personal information about you from third parties such as data or marketing partners and combine it with other personal information we have about you.
how we use the information we collect
we use the personal information we collect for the purposes described below.
provide the services. we may use your personal information to provide and maintain the services. for example, we may process the email addresses of our customers’ employees to enable them to log-in on our services. we process this personal information to execute our contractual obligation in providing our services.
understand usage and improve the services. we use the personal information that we collect through our services to analyze trends and statistics, and to improve and enhance our services. in that context, we may also de-identify and aggregate information collected through our services to create anonymized statistics. we have a legitimate interest in understanding the usage of, and improving our services.
communicate with you. we may use your email address or other personal information we collect on the services as necessary to contact you for administrative purposes such as to provide services and information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support. we process this personal information to execute our contractual obligations in providing our services.
marketing. we may use your email address and other personal information to send marketing communications related to our services. generally, you have the ability to opt-out of receiving any promotional communications as described below under your rights and choices. where required under applicable law, we obtain your consent before sending you marketing communications.
security, compliance, and legal purposes. we use personal information to detect and prevent fraud, respond to trust and safety issues that may arise, and for compliance and legal purposes, including enforcing our legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency. we may have a legal obligation or a legitimate interest in processing your personal information for these purposes.
other purposes. for other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the personal information is collected.
how we share the personal information we collect
we do not share or otherwise disclose personal information we collect from or about you except as described below or otherwise disclosed to you at the time of collection.
affiliates. we may share any personal information we receive with our affiliates for any of the purposes described in this privacy policy.
vendors and service providers. we may share any personal information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our services.
marketing. we do not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with non affiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes.
analytics partners. we use analytics services such as google analytics and linkedin insights to collect and process certain analytics data. these services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. you can learn about google’s practices by going here and opt-out of them by downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
as required by law and similar disclosures. we may access, preserve, and disclose your personal information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. for the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your personal information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the website.
merger, sale, or other asset transfers. we may disclose and transfer your personal information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
consent. we may also disclose personal information from or about you or your devices with your permission.
your rights and choices
marketing communications. you can unsubscribe from our promotional emails via the link provided in the emails. even if you opt out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
how to block cookies. you can block cookies by setting your internet browser to block some or all the cookies. for example, you can change your browser settings to block or notify you when you receive a cookie, delete cookies or browse our website using your browser’s anonymous usage setting. please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings. if you do not agree to our use of cookies or similar technologies which store information on your device, you should change your browser settings accordingly. if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our services, and some features of our website may not function properly. we do not process web browser do not track signals. to learn more about browser tracking signals and do not track please visit http://www.allaboutdnt.org.
your european privacy rights. if you are located in the european economic area (‘eea’), in the united kingdom (‘uk’), or in other jurisdictions which offer similar rights, you have the additional rights described below.
you may request access to and receive information about the personal information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your personal information, restrict or object to the processing of your personal information, have the information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your personal information to another company. in addition, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work, or where an incident took place.
you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your personal information, at any time and free of charge. we will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdrew your consent.
you may exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this privacy policy. before meeting your request, we may ask you to provide reasonable information to verify your identity. please note that there are exceptions and limitations to each of these rights, and that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain information for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
third parties
our services may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. please be aware that this privacy policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party services or any personal information you disclose to these third parties. we encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any personal information to them.
retention
we take measures to delete your personal information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period. when determining the specific retention period, we take into account various criteria, such as the type of services provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, and mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
information security
we make reasonable efforts to protect your personal information by using technical and organizational safeguards designed to improve the security of the personal information we maintain. however, as no electronic transmission or storage of information can be entirely secure, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your personal information.
children’s privacy
we do not knowingly collect, maintain, or use personal information from children under 13 years of age, and no part of our services are directed to children. if you learn that a child has provided us with personal information in violation of this privacy policy, then you may alert us using the contact information specified below.
international visitors
our services are hosted in the united states. if you choose to use the services from the eea, the uk, or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from u.s. law, with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from u.s. law, then please note that we may transfer your personal information outside of those regions to the united states for storage and processing. also, we may transfer your personal information from the united states to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the website. by providing any information, including personal information, on or to the services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
if you are located in the eea or the uk, we will comply with applicable data protection law when transferring your personal information outside the eea or the uk. we may transfer your personal information (i) to countries which have been found to provide adequate protection by the eu commission, (ii) using contractual protections such as the eu commission’s standard contractual clauses, (iii) to recipients who have adopted binding corporate rules, or (iv) while relying on an appropriate legal derogation.
for more information about how we transfer outside of the eea and the uk, or to obtain a copy of the contractual safeguards we use for such transfers, you may contact us using the contact information specified below.
changes to this privacy policy
this privacy policy may be revised from time to time. we will post any adjustments to the privacy policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. if we materially change the ways in which we use or share personal information previously collected from you through the services, we will attempt to notify you through the website, by email, or other means.
contact information
noodle analytics inc. is the entity responsible for the processing of personal information as described in this privacy policy. if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at privacy@noodle.ai or write to us at:
noodle analytics, inc.115 sansome st., ste. 800san francisco, ca 94104
more questions?
we use cookies to understand how you use our site and to improve your experience. by continuing to use our site, you accept the use of cookies described in our privacy policy.
