privacy policy
who is collecting your information?
nucleus network protects the privacy of all our website visitors. we have developed a privacy policy to inform you what information we may collect from you, what this information will be used for, the circumstances in which we may disclose such information, and your right to access the information.
contact details for nucleus network can be found here.
what information do we collect?
when you visit the nucleus network website, we may collect and store information about your visit on an anonymous, aggregate basis. this information may include the time and length of your visit, the pages you looked at on our site and the site you visited just before coming to ours. we may also record the name of your internet service provider. we only use this information only to measure site activity and to develop ideas for improving our site.
we may also ask you for personal information so that we can provide promotional material about nucleus network and follow up potential volunteers. we will not use this information for any other purpose without your consent, unless required by law. you are entitled to a copy of any personal information about you collected by us through this website if you request us to provide it. we will correct or update it if you request us to do so
disclosure information
none of the data collected from you will be disclosed to other organisations without your prior agreement, unless we believe the law requires it.
third-party links
the nucleus network site may contain links to websites operated and maintained by third parties over which we have no control. the information practices of those websites are not covered by this privacy policy. any information you provide to third-party websites will be governed under the terms of each such website’s privacy policy. we have no responsibility or liability whatsoever for the content, actions or policies of third-party websites. we encourage you to read the privacy policies of all third-party websites that link to this site because such privacy policies may be materially different from our privacy policy.
advertising
we may work with third-party vendors, including google, to show our advertising to you both on the nucleus network website and other websites within that network you may visit in the future. advertising networks, including google, may place a third-party cookie on your browser. you may elect to opt out of google’s use of cookies by visiting the google advertising opt-out page.
security
we will take all reasonable measures to ensure your information is secure.
your consent
by using our site, you consent to the collection and use of the information described in this privacy policy by nucleus network.
feedback
nucleus network welcomes your questions and comments about privacy. please send an email to contactus@nucleusnetwork.com.au
nucleus network reserves the right to alter its privacy policy, from time to time. any alterations to this policy will be posted on our website in a timely manner, and will comply with victorian public sector privacy principles.
our expertise
our multi-country advantage
our facilities
our quality assurance
our leadership team
our medical team
our history
join our team
© copyright nucleus network
