privacy
this privacy policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from www.oliviawireless.com (the “site”).
personal information we collect
when you visit the site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, ip address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. additionally, as you browse the site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the site, and information about how you interact with the site. we refer to this automatically-collected information as “device information.”
we collect device information using the following technologies:
- “cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. for more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
- “log files” track actions occurring on the site, and collect data including your ip address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps.    - “web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the site.
when we talk about “personal information” in this privacy policy, we are talking both about device information and personal details share by website users thru webforms.
how do we use your personal information?we use the device information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your ip address), and more generally to improve and optimize our site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
sharing your personal information
we use google analytics to help us understand how our customers use the site--you can read more about how google uses your personal information here:  https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.  you can also opt-out of google analytics here:  https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
finally, we may also share your personal information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.behavioural advertisingas described above, we use your personal information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you.  for more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the network advertising initiative’s (“nai”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work.
you can opt out of targeted advertising by:    facebook - https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=ads    google - https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymous    bing - https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the digital advertising alliance’s opt-out portal at:  http://optout.aboutads.info/.
do not trackplease note that we do not alter our site’s data collection and use practices when we see a do not track signal from your browser.your rightsif you are a european resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. if you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
additionally, if you are a european resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you (for example if you make an order through the site), or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above.  additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of europe, including to canada and the united states.
changeswe may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
contact usfor more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at hello@oliviawireless.com or by mail using the details provided below:
koningin wilhelminaplein 2, 1062 hk, netherlands
take the next step
we are here to help!let us know how olivia can help your project. send a message or email to hello@oliviawireless.com
thank you! we’ll reply pretty quick.
talk to an expertask us anything. talk to one of our experts about your project. schedule a call or send an email to hello@oliviawireless.com
olivia
connecting iot devices
privacy & website terms | terms & conditions | contact
