please enable javascript to activate all application features.
you are currently viewing the omron privacy and cookie policy page.
login
support
where to buy
contact
login
our value
productsview productsautomation systems machine automation controllers programmable logic controllers human machine interface industrial pc remote i/o networks and switching identification & marking barcode readers & scanners rfid solutions verification and print quality inspection solutions fiber laser marker industrial control panel products control components switching components io-link color mark masters photoelectric proximity machine safety technology safety logic devices - controllers safety light curtains safety laser scanners safety door switches safety limit switch safety operator controls emergency stop devices safety logic devices - relays safety outputs machine vision smart cameras/vision sensors vision systems pc-based vision machine vision cameras machine vision software motion and drives advanced motion controllers servo systems frequency inverters robotics articulated robots collaborative robots integrated robotic controllers mobile robots parallel robots part feeders robot software scara robots sensing proximity sensors photoelectric sensors fiber optic sensors and amplifiers measurement sensors connectors and cordsets rotary encoders ultrasonic sensors software spi  |  aoi  |  axi 3d spi 3d aoi 3d ct axi process improvement 3d verification station avi onset by omronneed help finding the right product? onset allows you to search, price and organize products by project.
automation systems machine automation controllers programmable logic controllers human machine interface industrial pc remote i/o networks and switching
identification & marking barcode readers & scanners rfid solutions verification and print quality inspection solutions fiber laser marker
industrial control panel products control components switching components
io-link color mark masters photoelectric proximity
machine safety technology safety logic devices - controllers safety light curtains safety laser scanners safety door switches safety limit switch safety operator controls emergency stop devices safety logic devices - relays safety outputs
machine vision smart cameras/vision sensors vision systems pc-based vision machine vision cameras machine vision software
motion and drives advanced motion controllers servo systems frequency inverters
robotics articulated robots collaborative robots integrated robotic controllers mobile robots parallel robots part feeders robot software scara robots
sensing proximity sensors photoelectric sensors fiber optic sensors and amplifiers measurement sensors connectors and cordsets rotary encoders ultrasonic sensors
software
spi  |  aoi  |  axi 3d spi 3d aoi 3d ct axi process improvement 3d verification station avi
need help finding the right product? onset allows you to search, price and organize products by project.
solutionsour all-encompassing solutions for industry are designed to make your machines smarter, faster, more flexible and more reliable.view solutionssysmac automation platform predictive maintenance flexible manufacturing traceability safety robotics industrial internet of things (iiot) io-link series panel building 3d-sji visualization integrated robotic solution speeds pepper baggingomron and a partner have created a ground-breaking single-package solution for the greenhouse industry.all success storiesraising the bar on flexible packaginghere's how to make the most of a strategy that supports efficiency, variety and sustainability.all white papers
our all-encompassing solutions for industry are designed to make your machines smarter, faster, more flexible and more reliable.
sysmac automation platform
predictive maintenance
flexible manufacturing
traceability
safety
robotics
industrial internet of things (iiot)
io-link series
panel building
3d-sji
visualization
integrated robotic solution speeds pepper bagging
omron and a partner have created a ground-breaking single-package solution for the greenhouse industry.
raising the bar on flexible packaging
here's how to make the most of a strategy that supports efficiency, variety and sustainability.
industrieswe leverage our global network and passion for creativity to tackle complex problems in industries like automotive, electronics, packaging, life sciences and more.view industriesautomotive food and beverage packaging semiconductor and electronics life sciences logistics & warehouse automation machine tool oil and gas security and detention water and wastewater entertainment others associations and groupswe are active in a variety of organizations so we can better understand, and help solve, the most pressing challenges our customers face.proof of concept centersin-person help to solve key industry challenges. we are standing by to help you with your next automation project.
we leverage our global network and passion for creativity to tackle complex problems in industries like automotive, electronics, packaging, life sciences and more.
automotive
food and beverage packaging
semiconductor and electronics
life sciences
logistics & warehouse automation
machine tool
oil and gas
security and detention
water and wastewater
entertainment
others
associations and groups
we are active in a variety of organizations so we can better understand, and help solve, the most pressing challenges our customers face.
proof of concept centers
in-person help to solve key industry challenges. we are standing by to help you with your next automation project.
servicesour complete portfolio of safety services, training and automation services will help you keep your people safe, protect your capital investments and increase your overall equipment effectiveness.view servicesrepair services robot services safety services training technical support consultation desk service automation center proof of concept centers advanced safety servicessafety education, machine assessments and remediation services for regulatory compliance.proof of concept centersarrange a visit to one of our nine poc centers to see working solutions and meet with our expert engineers.
our complete portfolio of safety services, training and automation services will help you keep your people safe, protect your capital investments and increase your overall equipment effectiveness.
repair services
robot services
safety services
training
technical support
consultation desk service
automation center
proof of concept centers
advanced safety services
safety education, machine assessments and remediation services for regulatory compliance.
proof of concept centers
arrange a visit to one of our nine poc centers to see working solutions and meet with our expert engineers.
support
where to buy
contact
omron privacy and cookie policy
privacy and cookie policy
privacy and cookie policy
omron automation & safety (also known as omron electronics llc) and its corporate affiliates (hereafter “we” or “omron”) are committed to protecting your privacy. we have posted this privacy policy (the “policy”) to let you know what kind of information we collect, how it is handled, with whom it may be shared, and what choices you have regarding the use of your information.
this policy applies to information we collect:
on https://automation.omron.com/en/us/ (the “website)
in e-mail and other electronic messages between you and this website
when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services, if those applications or advertising include links to this policy
offline when interacting with you
omron intends to protect your privacy and ensure that your personal information is handled in a safe and responsible manner. as we continue to develop our web site and take advantage of technologies to improve the services and products we provide, our policies will continue to evolve. we therefore encourage you to refer to this policy on an ongoing basis to stay abreast of our most current privacy policy practices. by accessing this web site you accept and consent to the terms of this policy.
online information
omron gathers online customer information to improve the content of its web site, to enhance your online shopping experience and for omron's own marketing and promotional purposes.  omron collects personally identifying information from you when you register to purchase products or services, or when you submit your information for other purposes, such as requesting product information, applying for financing, or registering as a member of the web site.  other web site user information that is not personally identifying may be collected by the use of small text files stored on your computer called "cookies" or other similar technologies, for the purpose of tracking page views, providing customized user content, and allowing you to take full advantage of certain web site features.
information collected through google analytics
we use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. (“google”) to collect certain information relating to your use of the site. google analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. the information generated by the cookies about your use of the site (including your ip address) will be transmitted to and stored by google on servers in the united states. google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the site, compiling reports on site activity for site operators and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage. google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on google’s behalf. google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google. you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this site. by using this site, you consent to the processing of data about you by google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.  for more information regarding google analytics please visit google's website, and pages that describe google analytics, such as www.google.com/analytics/learn/privacy.html.
1. information you provide to us
the information we collect on or through the website may include information you provide by filling in forms on our website.  this includes information provided at the time of registering to use certain features of the website, subscribing to our newsletters or requesting further information or services.  we may also ask you for information when you contact us.  omron may collect and store your contact information to inform you of important industry information, products, services and emerging technologies that are most relevant to you.  omron also may contact you via surveys to conduct research about your opinion of current services and products or of potential new products that may be offered.
2. information collected through google analytics
we use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google, inc. (“google”) to collect certain information relating to your use of the site. google analytics uses “cookies”, which are text files placed on your computer, to help the website analyze how users use the site. the information generated by the cookies about your use of the site (including your ip address) will be transmitted to and stored by google on servers in the united states. google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating your use of the site, compiling reports on site activity for site operators and providing other services relating to site activity and internet usage. google may also transfer this information to third parties where required to do so by law, or where such third parties process the information on google’s behalf. google will not associate your ip address with any other data held by google. you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this site. by using this site, you consent to the processing of data about you by google in the manner and for the purposes set out above.  for more information regarding google analytics please visit google's website, and pages that describe google analytics, such as https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-us.
3. information collected through cookies and similar technologies
we and our service providers use cookies, web beacons, and other technologies to receive and store certain types of information whenever you interact with our site through your computer or mobile device. a cookie is a small text file containing a string of characters that is placed on your computer when you visit a website. when you visit the website again, the cookie allows that site to recognize your browser. cookies may store unique identifiers, user preferences and other information. you may refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings on your browser, however please note that if you do this you may not be able to use the full functionality of this site. we use cookies to improve the quality of our service, including for storing user preferences, tracking user trends and providing relevant advertising to you. (see, “advertising” below.)
4. advertising
we may use how you browse in order to show you ads that are more relevant to your interests. we may use cookies and other information to provide relevant interest-based advertising to you. interest-based ads are ads presented to you based on your browsing behavior in order to provide you with ads more tailored to your interests. these interest-based ads may be presented to you while you are browsing our site or third-party sites not owned by omron.
5. omron uses the following cookies for the following purposes:
we use google to show you interest-based advertisements based on your activity on our site and other websites. currently, our site does not recognize if your browser sends a “do not track” signal or similar mechanism to indicate you do not wish to be tracked or receive interest-based ads. you can, however, obtain more information about google’s advertising services, including your opt-out rights, here. please note that if you choose to opt out, you will continue to see ads on our site, but they will not be based on how you browse and shop. to learn more about interest-based advertisements and your opt-out rights, visit the digital advertising alliance and the network advertising initiative websites (www.aboutads.info and www.networkadvertising.org). please note that if you opt-out of receiving interest based advertising, you will still receive ads that will not necessarily be tailored to your interests.
offline information
the information we collect offline includes information you provide to us when you interact with us.  this includes information you provide at trade events or through surveys other business interactions.  this also includes information you provide as a representative of a business entity.  we may also ask you for information when you contact us through any means.
how we use your information
we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us, including any personal information:
to present our website and its contents to you.
to provide you with information, products or services that you request from us.
to fulfill any other purpose for which you provide it.
to contact you about products and services that may be of interest to you.
in any other way we may describe when you provide your information.
for any other purpose with your consent.
disclosure to others
we may disclose personal information that we collect or you provide as described in this policy
to the corporate affiliates of omron.
to contractors, service providers and other third parties we use to support our business including to enable them to perform services requested by you (e.g. to ship and deliver packages).
to our business partners to provide you with information on our products and services.
to a buyer or other successor in the event of a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution or other sale or transfer of some or all of omron’s assets, in which personal information held by omron is among the assets transferred.
to fulfill the purpose for which you provide it.
for any other purpose disclosed by us when you provide the information.
with your consent.
we may also disclose your personal information:
to comply with any court order, law or legal process.
to enforce or apply our terms of use and other agreemets.
if we believe disclosure is necessary or appropriate to protect the rights, property or safety of our customers or others.
accessing and correcting your information
if you would like to discontinue receiving email from omron, please email websupport-am@omron.com with "unsubscribe" in the subject line.  we will do our best to remove your name from future marketing and promotional mailings within 72 hours.  you may receive mailings that were scheduled for future dates until the schedule cycle is complete, but this should take no longer than two weeks.
your california privacy rights
if you are a california resident, california law may provide you with additional rights regarding our use of your personal information.  to learn more about your california privacy rights, click here.
international use
because omron and its related companies operate on a multinational basis, your personal information may be shared with other omron business entities around the world.  they are committed to protecting your personal information in accordance with this policy.  if you are located outside the united states, by accessing this web site and submitting personal information to omron you consent to the transfer of your personal information to the united states for processing and use in accordance with this policy.
links to other web sites
omron's web site may contain links to other web sites that are not owned or controlled by us.  omron does not share your personal information with those sites and omron is not responsible for the privacy practices of those other web sites.
minors
this site is not intended for use by children under the age of thirteen, and we do not knowingly collect information regarding children under the age of thirteen.
modifications
omron may revise this privacy policy at any time without giving notice to you.  any modifications of this policy will be posted on this web site and you agree that it is your responsibility to review updates to this policy.
contact us
if you have questions, please contact us at:
legal departmentomron management center of america, inc.2895 greenspoint parkway, suite 100hoffman estates, il 60169
email: us-privacy-omca@omron.com
subscribe to omronnow today for enhanced access to tools, resources and the latest news from omron!
news, events, & webinars
news
omron blog
events
on-demand webinars
podcast
company
working at omron
job opportunities
internships & sakura program
about omron automation
get in touch
subscribe to our emails
contact us
follow us
twitter
facebook
linkedin
youtube
instagram
© omron corporation 2022. all rights reserved.
legal notices
privacy policy
omron.com
ia.omron.com
