products omega2 omega2s development kits omega2 pro omega2 lte omega2 dash tau lidar camera
omega2
omega2s
development kits
omega2 pro
omega2 lte
omega2 dash
tau lidar camera
resources get started documentation community customer case studies
get started
documentation
community
customer case studies
blog
support
privacy policy
last updated december 15, 2015
this privacy policy covers onion’s collection and treatment of information and data collected when you visit onion’s websites or use onion services.
definitions
“onion”, “we”, “our” or “us” means the entity onion corporation.
“services” means the any and all services and hosted software applications provided by onion, including but not limited to, the onion api, the onion cloud, onion’s community websites, onion’s corporate website and any other software services offered by onion.
“you” means yourself and any entities you represent.
“products” means both the physical products produced and sold by onion, including, for example, the onion omega, all expansions and accessories, and any kits such as the omega starter kit; and the firmware, provided by onion, that is programmed onto certain of these physical products.
“third party products” – includes but is not limited to applications, websites, apis, software, or hardware that interacts with, uses or connects to any onion products or services.
“website(s)” means any web domains owned, operated, branded or co-branded by onion corporation. websites include onion’s community websites and documentations.
how onion collects data
onion collects certain data from visitors/users to onion websites/services in order to continuously improve and enhance our customer’s experiences. this data is collected via the following methods:onion, like many other websites, will store session information (often called “cookies”) in your browser that will help onion to identify information such as browsing activity, ip addresses and page view order. you do have the option to not use these cookies; the majority of browsers will have a “help” tool that will help you to prevent cookies if you want to, but onion recommends you keep cookies active as it will provide a better user experience on onion’s websites.when you visit onion websites, onion web servers automatically log typical website analytic data from visitors to our site. this data, which may include details such as browser type, ip addresses, site visit length and referral url, is used for systems administration, detecting use patterns and generally improving customer experience.onion sees and logs non-personally identifiable data when you use onion services. onion logs this data in our system and stores it on third-party servers. the only identifiable information this data is connected to will be the account details you supplied when creating your account.
onion, like many other websites, will store session information (often called “cookies”) in your browser that will help onion to identify information such as browsing activity, ip addresses and page view order. you do have the option to not use these cookies; the majority of browsers will have a “help” tool that will help you to prevent cookies if you want to, but onion recommends you keep cookies active as it will provide a better user experience on onion’s websites.
when you visit onion websites, onion web servers automatically log typical website analytic data from visitors to our site. this data, which may include details such as browser type, ip addresses, site visit length and referral url, is used for systems administration, detecting use patterns and generally improving customer experience.
onion sees and logs non-personally identifiable data when you use onion services. onion logs this data in our system and stores it on third-party servers. the only identifiable information this data is connected to will be the account details you supplied when creating your account.
information you providewhen you create an account with onion, you provide us with data that includes an email address and password. onion may also give you the option to voluntarily share other data with us that is connected to your account. if any of these details change, you may update your account at any time and modify, correct or delete your account details.if you are using onion to connect a product to the onion cloud, you will be required to identify a network and corresponding network password. this information exists only locally, and onion does not have access to it. when you connect a product, a specific product id will be sent to the onion cloud, after which onion will be able to match a specific device id to your account details.you may choose to contribute and interact on onion websites including the project share site and forum website. you will have the opportunity to choose what information (other than your user name which is not optional) you would like to make public. you may choose whether to display or give out your contact details and other personally identifiable information on the websites.when you actively provide information on onion websites, for example when you post, message or interact on the project share site, onion may retain that data for you for later use. this data is stored on secure third party servers.you may actively provide payment details when purchasing products from onion. onion uses a third-party secure e-commerce site with a level 1 pci compliant payment system, for direct online sales. no employees of onion have access to the credit card details associated with these purchases.
when you create an account with onion, you provide us with data that includes an email address and password. onion may also give you the option to voluntarily share other data with us that is connected to your account. if any of these details change, you may update your account at any time and modify, correct or delete your account details.
if you are using onion to connect a product to the onion cloud, you will be required to identify a network and corresponding network password. this information exists only locally, and onion does not have access to it. when you connect a product, a specific product id will be sent to the onion cloud, after which onion will be able to match a specific device id to your account details.
you may choose to contribute and interact on onion websites including the project share site and forum website. you will have the opportunity to choose what information (other than your user name which is not optional) you would like to make public. you may choose whether to display or give out your contact details and other personally identifiable information on the websites.
when you actively provide information on onion websites, for example when you post, message or interact on the project share site, onion may retain that data for you for later use. this data is stored on secure third party servers.
you may actively provide payment details when purchasing products from onion. onion uses a third-party secure e-commerce site with a level 1 pci compliant payment system, for direct online sales. no employees of onion have access to the credit card details associated with these purchases.
information provided by third partiesat times onion may collect information from third-parties that use our services or products. they may provide us with personal or anonymous data that we will use to continue to improve our services and products.
at times onion may collect information from third-parties that use our services or products. they may provide us with personal or anonymous data that we will use to continue to improve our services and products.
how is data used by onion?
the data referenced in this privacy policy is primarily used by onion to improve, troubleshoot and enhance products, websites and services.
email addresses and any other information supplied by you may also be used by onion to respond to emails, phone calls and requests. in addition onion may use the data that identifies the product ids associated with your account to provide information and technical assistance to you. for example, your email address and device details may be used to respond to a technical support question that you send to onion.
onion may collect and create anonymous data by excluding personally identifiable information. onion reserves the right to use anonymous data for any purpose and disclose anonymous data to third parties at its sole discretion.

how is data kept secure?
onion uses secure socket layer (ssl) encryption on the apis (application programming interface) and websites operated by onion.
onion uses ssl encryption to communicate with devices that support it, such as the omega, and uses rsa and aes encryption to communicate with devices that do not support ssl.
data collected by onion via its websites and services is stored on secure third-party servers.

when is data shared?
onion may at some point have a third-party process or analyze some of the data we have collected.
when appropriate, onion may share data with entities and persons who are actively doing business with onion and have entered into a contract with onion corporation (such as companies that have created “powered by onion” products). a company of this sort will have access to the data generated by individuals who are users of the product created and sold by said company.
onion may share aggregated or anonymous data publicly or as described above in section 3.3
onion will share personal information with companies, organizations or individuals outside of onion if we have a good-faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of the information is reasonably necessary to:meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential violations.detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of onion, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
meet any applicable law, regulation, legal process or enforceable governmental request.
enforce applicable terms of service, including investigation of potential violations.
detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues.
protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of onion, our users or the public as required or permitted by law.
if another company acquires onion or our assets via a merger, acquisition or sale, that company will possess the personal data collected by onion and will assume the rights and obligations regarding your personal data as described in this privacy policy. in this event onion will give you prior notification via email or by putting a prominent notice on our site before your personal data is transferred.

additional information
third-parties may on occasion offer products or services that interact with onion. onion will encourage these third-parties to follow a similar privacy policy as this one, but you acknowledge and agree that onion is not responsible for the privacy policies of others.
onion will not intentionally gather information from children under the age of 13.
onion reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any point without prior notification and approval. continued use of the websites and services once these changes are announced will confirm your approval of and agreement to any and all changes.
the section headers in this agreement are for structure only.
if you have any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact onion at hello@onion.io.
onion corporation builds computing and connectivity devices for the internet of things.
products
omega2
omega2s
development kits
omega2 pro
omega2 lte
omega2 dash
tau lidar camera
company
about
blog
shipping
refund & exchange
partners
resources
get started
documentation
blog
community
customer case studies
where to buy
© 2020 onion corporation - terms of service | privacy policy
