productshypervisor platformscoqos hypervisor sdkcoqos micro sdkcommunication platformsblue sdkblue sdk rapidlaunch for linuxradio tuner sdkandroid ecosystem
hypervisor platformscoqos hypervisor sdkcoqos micro sdk
coqos hypervisor sdk
coqos micro sdk
communication platformsblue sdkblue sdk rapidlaunch for linuxradio tuner sdk
blue sdk
blue sdk rapidlaunch for linux
radio tuner sdk
android ecosystem
use casessafe cockpit controllerupgraded in-vehicle infotainment (ivi)single functionality virtualizationsafe and secure dmsadvanced driver assistance systems (adas)/ autonomous drivingvirtualized tcuefficient powertrainmulti-functional body controllermulti bluetooth connection
safe cockpit controller
upgraded in-vehicle infotainment (ivi)
single functionality virtualization
safe and secure dms
advanced driver assistance systems (adas)/ autonomous driving
virtualized tcu
efficient powertrain
multi-functional body controller
multi bluetooth connection
companymanagementstandardizationpartnersproduction projectseventspress informationnewspress releasespress reviewnewsletter
management
standardization
partners
production projects
events
press informationnewspress releasespress reviewnewsletter
news
press releases
press review
newsletter
careers
contact
privacy notice
status: november 2021
this data protection declaration informs you how personal data is collected, processed and used when visiting our website.
1. contact person
provider of the opensynergy web site www.opensynergy.com is opensynergy gmbh, rotherstraße 20, 10245 berlin, germany (hereinafter referred to as “opensynergy” or “we”). opensynergy is responsible according to eu general data protection regulation (gdpr) for the collection, processing and use of personal data of website´s visitors (hereinafter “you”). if you have any questions or suggestions regarding data protection, please do not hesitate to contact us. you are welcome to address your data protection concerns to us by e-mail at datenschutz@opensynergy.com. in addition, you always have the possibility to contact our data protection officer by e-mail at the above stated address (keyword: “data protection officer”). below you can find our complete contact details.
2. data processing when using our website
2.1. visiting the site. visiting our website is generally possible without providing personal data. personal data is only collected if necessary for technical reasons for the use of our website or if you use certain functions or services offered on our website, such as contact form or newsletter registration.
the following data is automatically collected each time you access our website:
date and time of access
name of requested file
web page from which the file was requested
access status (e.g. file transferred, file not found)
web browser you use and the operating system of your device
ip address of the requesting device
data processing of this information is necessary to enable you to visit the website and to ensure permanent operability, availability and security of our systems. legal basis for this data processing is article 6 paragraph 1 sentence 1 lit. b gdpr. for the purposes described above, access data is temporarily stored in internal log files in order to compile statistical data on the use of our website, to further develop our website with regard to the usage habits of our visitors (e.g. if the proportion of mobile devices used to access the pages increases) and for general administrative maintenance of our website. legal basis for data processing is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr, based on our legitimate interest on proper optimisation of our website. the information stored in the log files do not allow any direct conclusion on your person – in particular, we only store ip addresses in truncated, anonymous form. log files are stored for 7 days and archived after subsequent anonymisation.
2.2. newsletter. you have the possibility to subscribe to our newsletter, which will inform you regularly about innovations regarding our technologies, products and solutions and its potential applications. when registering, we ask you to enter your name to be able to contact you and your e-mail address to be able to send you the newsletter. you also have the possibility to provide further information voluntarily.
we use the so-called double opt-in option. we will only send you information by e-mail if you confirm our notification send to you by email by accepting a link that you are the owner of the email address provided. if you confirm your e-mail address, we will store your e-mail address, the time of registration and the ip address assigned during registration until you cancel the newsletter. we store this information for the sole purpose of sending you the newsletter and to approve your registration. you can unsubscribe from the newsletter at any time. a corresponding  link can be found in every e-mail. a message to the contact details stated above or in individual e-mails (e.g. by e-mail or letter) is sufficient to unsubscribe. legal basis for data processing is your consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a gdpr.
we use your voluntary provided data anonymously, i.e. without reference to your person, in order to statistically evaluate the sectors of our users. such collection aids us to further optimise the content of our newsletter. legal basis for this data processing is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr, based on our legitimate interest in the appropriate further development of our newsletter content.
2.3. contact form. we offer you the opportunity to send us messages directly via a contact form. hereby it is necessary to enter an e-mail address where we can contact you. we also ask for your name to be able to contact you. we process the data you provide in the contact form to answer your request. to properly process your inquiry, we may transfer data provided in the contact form to one of the regional sister companies or sales partners mentioned on the contact page, in case the sales company responsible for your region or the subject mentioned in the inquiry can answer your inquiry more appropriately.  legal basis of data processing is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b gdpr. data collected when using the contact form will be automatically deleted after processing your inquiry.
2.4. google maps. on our contact page we use google maps to visually display the address of our location. google maps is a map service of google llc (1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa; “google”). in order for google maps to be embedded and displayed in your browser, your browser must connect to a google server, which may also be located in the united states, when access the contact page. google receives information upon page visit that our website has been visited from the ip address of your mobile device. legal basis for data processing is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr, based on our legitimate interest in the integration of a map service in the design of our website.
if you visit google map service on our website while you are logged into your google profile, google may link this event to your google profile. if you do not wish to be associated with your google profile, you need to log out of google before accessing our contact page. google stores your data and uses it for the purposes of advertising, market research and personalized presentation of google maps. you can object to this collection of data from google. for more information, , please see the google earth privacy policy and the additional terms of use for google maps/google earth
2.5. application via the online form. you can apply for open vacancies by using our online form. the purpose of data processing is to select applicants for possible employment. we collect the following data for reception and processing of your application: first and last name, telephone number, job title, e-mail address, application documents (e.g. certificates, curriculum vitae, cover letter). legal basis for processing of your application documents is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b and art. 88 para. 1 gdpr in conjunction with art. 26 para. 1 s. 1 federal data protection act.
we store your personal data upon receipt of your application. if we accept your application and an employment relationship is established, we will store your data for as long as necessary for the employment relationship and as legal regulations provide obligation for retention. if we reject your application, we store your applicant data for a maximum of six months after rejection of your application, unless you grant us consent to store the data for a longer period. if you have given us your separate consent, we will store the data you have submitted in your application in our applicant pool for additional twelve months after the end of the application process to identify any other vacancies of interest to you and to contact you again if necessary. the data will be deleted after this period. you can revoke this consent for the future at any time by sending us an e-mail to jobs[at]opensynergy.com.
we use the technical support of the software of personio for our application process. personio is provided to us by personio gmbh. the data you submitted will be processed by personio on our behalf for the purpose of carrying out and processing the application process. we have concluded a data processing agreement with personio gmbh according to the requirements of art. 28 para. 3 gdpr.
2.6. integration of vimeo videos. we have integrated videos on our website that are stored on the vimeo video platform and can be viewed directly from our website. vimeo is a multimedia service of vimeo inc. 555 west 18th street, new york 10011, usa (“vimeo”). legal basis for integration is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr, based on our legitimate interest in the integration of video and image content. by visiting our website, vimeo receives the information that you have accessed the corresponding subpage. that may happen regardless of whether you are logged in to vimeo or not. vimeo may use this data for purposes of advertising, market research, and the design of its websites to meet your needs. if you watch videos on our website while you are logged in to your vimeo profile, vimeo can also link this event to your vimeo profile. if you do not want this association to occur, you will need to log out of vimeo before accessing our website.
for more information, please refer to the vimeo privacy policy.
2.7. download technical product information. we offer you the opportunity to request further technical documentation on our products. you must provide an e-mail address to which we will send the download link. we will also ask for your name to contact you and other contact details and information about your company. we process this data for advertising purposes and send you further information about our products and solutions by mail, telephone or e-mail. the legal basis for data processing is your consent given in the request pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a gdpr. you can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. please send us an e-mail to datenschutz[at]opensynergy.com. collected data will be deleted.
3. cookies and usage analysis
3.1. general use of cookies.
when you visit and use our website, different cookies are installed. cookies are small text files that are stored in the memory of your web browser and contain information that enable web servers to recognize you when you visit our website later. cookies cannot execute programs or transfer viruses to your computer. the main purpose of our own cookies is rather to make the use of our services technically as time-saving and user-friendly as possible. in this respect, legal basis is art. 6 para. 1 lit. b gdpr. a deactivation of the technically required cookies is not offered.
we use our own cookies in particular
for login authentication;
for load distribution;
to save language settings;
to note that you have been shown information embedded on our website so that it will not be displayed again the next time you visit the website.
we aim to make your use of our website more convenient and individual. you can prevent the storage of cookies on your terminal device at any time by changing the settings of your browser. however, we would like to point out that you can not access all functions of this website without restrictions. we use different types of cookies: so called: “session cookies” contain an identification in the form of a so-called session id and are automatically deleted when you close the browser. the session id can be used to assign various requests from your browser to the shared session. the session cookies are deleted when you log out or if close the browser. permanent cookies are automatically deleted after a specified period of time, which may vary depending on the cookie. however, you can also delete the cookies prematurely at any time in the security settings of your browser. these cookies enable us to recognize your terminal device when you return to the website. the processing of the respective cookies is based on our aforementioned legitimate interests; legal basis is art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr. you can prevent the storage of cookies by preventing the acceptance of cookies via this website in your web browser settings. in individual cases not-accepting of cookies, may lead to considerable functional restrictions of our website.
analysis cookies. other cookies are used to analyse the use of our website for statistical purposes. they let us know, for example, which content on our website is particularly relevant and what type of terminal equipment was used to visit the website. as a result, we are enabled to make our offer more interesting and, if necessary, more user-friendly for our users. information on browsers and used end devices enable us to adapt the design of our website to the most important browser types. we only use these analysis cookies if you grant your consent via our cookie banner. legal basis for data processing in connection with the analysis cookies is your consent (art. 6 para. 1 lit. a gdpr). you can revoke your consent by opening cookie settings and changing the corresponding selection.
storage period of cookies. google analytics uses the following cookies for the specified purpose with the respective storage period: “ga” for 2 years, “gid” for 24 hours (both for the recognition and differentiation of website visitors by a user id), “gat” for 1 minute (to reduce queries to the google servers).
3.2 google tag manager. this website uses the google tag manager. the provider is google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland (“google”).
the google tag manager is a tool that allows us to embed tracking or statistical tools and other technologies on our website. the google tag manager itself does not create user profiles, does not store cookies, and does not perform any independent analyses. it only serves to manage and play out the tools integrated via it. however, the google tag manager records your ip address, which may also be transmitted to google’s parent company in the united states and stored there.
the google tag manager enables an uncomplicated integration and management of various tools on our website. the use of google tag manager is based on art. 6 (1) lit. a dsgvo, based on your consent given via our cookie banner for the use of google analytics. if you have not consented to the use of analytics cookies, your data will not be collected by google analytics, and thus not by google tag manager. you can revoke your consent via our cookie settings by changing the corresponding selection.
3.3. google analytics. this website uses google analytics, which is provided for users from the european economic area, switzerland and liechtenstein by google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland and for all other users by google llc, 1600 amphitheatre parkway mountain view, ca 94043, usa. google analytics uses cookies and similar technologies to analyse our website based on your user behaviour. the data collected in this context may be transferred by google to a server in the usa for evaluation and storage.
your ip address will be shortened before the evaluation of the usage statistics, so that no conclusions can be drawn on your identity. for this purpose, google analytics has been extended on our website by the code “anonymizeip” to ensure anonymous recording of ip addresses. as a result, we are unable to determine which usage data belongs to a specific person. as a result, we can neither identify you on the basis of the data collected by google nor determine how you actually use our website. it is only possible to determine that a user has already visited the website within the last 3 months. google will process the information gained from the cookies in order to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities for us and to provide us with further services associated with the use of the website and to enable us to run advertising campaigns. data collected with google analytics is retained for a period of 14 months and then completely deleted.
cookies used in connection with google analytics are for analytic purposes. legal basis for data processing is art. 6 para. 1 lit. a gdpr, based on your consent, which you have provided via our cookie banner. if you have not agreed to use analytic cookies, your data will not be recorded within the framework of google analytics. you can revoke your consent via our cookie settings by changing the corresponding selection.
you can prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and related to your use of our website and the processing of this data by google on all websites by downloading and installing a browser add-on provided by google (the add-on does not work in connection with mobile devices).
for more information about google analytics, please refer to the google privacy policy and the google analytics privacy notices.
https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de
3.4 links to other websites and online offers. our website may contain links to the websites and online offers of other providers not affiliated with us. if you use these links, we naturally have no influence on which data is collected by respective providers and which data is collected by them. you will find detailed information on the collection and use of data in the privacy policy of the respective provider. since the collection and processing of data by third parties is beyond our control, we do not accept any responsibility for this.

4. disclosure of data
a transfer of the data collected by us will only occur if:
you have given your explicit consent in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. a gdpr,
the disclosure pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. f gdpr is necessary for the assertion, execution or defence of legal claims and there is no reason to assume that an overriding interest worthy of protection in not disclosing the data persists,
we are legally obliged to transfer data in accordance with art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. c gdpr or
it is legally permissible and, according to art. 6 para. 1 s. 1 lit. b gdpr, necessary for the processing of contractual relationships with you or for the implementation of pre-contractual measures which are carried out at your request.
parts of data processing described in this data protection declaration may be carried out by our service providers. in addition to service providers mentioned in this data protection declaration, in particular computer centres that store our website and databases, it service providers maintaining our systems, and consulting companies. if we transfer data to our service providers, they use the data exclusively for the fulfilment of their tasks. the service providers have been carefully selected and commissioned by us. they are contractually bound by our instructions, have suitable technical and organisational measures in place to protect the rights of persons concerned, guarantee an appropriate level of data protection and are carefully monitored by us. in addition, data may be transferred in connection with official inquiries, court orders and legal proceedings if necessary for legal prosecution or enforcement.
5. your rights
you have the right to request information about the processing of your personal data by us at any time. in the course of providing you with this information, we will explain the data processing to you and provide you with an overview of personal data stored about your person.
if data stored with us is incorrect or no longer current, you have the right to have this data corrected. you can also request the deletion of your data. if, in exceptional cases, deletion is not possible due to other legal regulations, the data will be blocked so that it is only available for that legal purpose.
you can also have the processing of your data being restricted, e.g. if you believe that the data we have stored is incorrect. you also have the right to data transferability, i.e. that we send you a digital copy of the personal data you have provided us with on request.in order to assert your rights as described, you can contact us at any time by using the contact details provided in section 1. this also applies if you would like to receive copies of guarantees to demonstrate an adequate level of data protection.
furthermore, you have the right to object to data processing based on art. 6 para. 1 s.1 lit. e or f gdpr. finally, you have the right to lodge a complaint to the data protection supervisory authority responsible for us. you can assert this right with a supervisory authority in the member state in which you are resident, your place of work or the place of the suspected infringement. in berlin the competent supervisory authority is: berlin commissioner for privacy and freedom of information, friedrichstr. 219, 10969 berlin.


right of withdrawal and right of objection.according to art. 7 para. 2 gdpr, you have the right to revoke a consent once granted to us at any time. as a result, we will no longer continue to process data based on this consent with effect for the future. the revocation of consent does not affect the legality of the processing that took place on the basis of the consent until the revocation.in case we process your data on the basis of legitimate interests pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr, you have the right – pursuant to art. 21 gdpr – to object to the processing of your data and to provide us reasons arising from your particular situation which, in your opinion, indicate that your interests worthy of protection prevail. you have a general right of objection without providing reasons to data processing for direct marketing purposes. if you wish to exercise your right of revocation or objection, it is also sufficient to send an informal message to the contact details given above.

opensynergy gmbh
rotherstraße 20
d - 10245
berlin
germany
phone
+49 30 / 6098 5400
fax
+49 30 / 6098 54099
e-mail
info@opensynergy.com
products
hypervisor platforms
coqos hypervisor sdk
coqos micro sdk
communication platforms
blue sdk
blue sdk rapidlaunch for linux
radio tuner sdk
android ecosystem
use cases
cockpit controller
upgraded ivi
single functionality
safe and secure dms
autonomous driving
virtualized tcu
powertrain
body controller
bluetooth
company
management
standardization
partners
production projects
events
press
news
press releases
press review
careers
contact
contact
imprint
privacy notice
cookie settings
cookie settings
follow us
© 2021 opensynergy gmbh
