privacy policy
this privacy policy was updated on march 01, 2022
pixelplex ltd., its subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively referred to as “pixelplex”, “we” or “us”) has developed this privacy policy that governs collection, use, disclosure, transfer, storage and protection of your personal information shared with pixelplex.
you may be asked to provide your personal information anytime you are in contact with pixelplex. it can be used in conjunction with other information to provide and improve pixelplex website and our services.
you may be asked to provide some personal information, but you hold the right to refuse to provide it at your sole discretion. in this case, pixelplex will not be able to provide you with a response to any of your requests which require such information.
1. personal information provided to us that we collect
when you use our website, https://pixelplex.io, (hereinafter referred to as website) pixeplex may receive or collect personal information about you.
1.1. personal information that you provide voluntarily:
by using the website you may provide us with personal information such as your name, date of birth, email address or other details necessary for processing your inquiries or issues, and also any information you submit to pixelplex via email.
1.2. personal information that we collect automatically.
when you use the website, we may collect certain data from you automatically and/or from your device. this data may be considered personal information under applicable data protection laws. we may automatically collect:
– data and analytics about your use of our website;
– your ip address and device identifiers;
– your device type and the operating system that you use;
– broad geographic location based on your ip address;
– other parameters about the device operating system or your it environment.
1.3. personal information we obtain from third-party sources.
1.3.1. third-party social networks: facebook, twitter, instagram, linkedin and others (“third-party social networks”).
you may choose to follow pixelplex via your social media account. exactly what information we receive from your social media will depend on your social media privacy settings, but it would typically include your basic public profile information such as your username, gender, your friends (also see below “third-party social networks”).
1.3.2. advertising partners and analytics providers.
from time to time, we may also receive personal information about you from other third-party sources. for example, if you clicked on an advertisement linking to our website, we will be provided with information about the ad network and advertisement you have been redirected from.
1.3.3. the list of our current service providers and partners is as follows:
advertising partners (ad networks):
facebook, inc. (fb analytics, fb ads, fb audience network) tracking sdk, sharing;
google llc (admob);
google llc (google ads, adsense, doubleclick);
linkedin corp. (linkedin ads);
twitter, inc. (twitter audience platform).
analytics providers:
yandex.metrika
google analytics
we may contract with additional providers or change existing providers in the future to perform any activitis in connection with the website. these changes shall be updated from time to time or promptly in case of material changes in our data processing practices.
1.3.4. job applicants on career
we may collect personal data related to job applicants for positions provided on our website. we do this in order to carry out the application process and to clarify if the applicant meets requirements for each position to be capable to establish employment relationship with us. we may do such clarifications and collect and process your personal data in the following cases:
– to be in contact with you about your job application and after the recruitment process is completed;
– to check your eligibility to work in the country where pixelplex or its affiliated company is located, as well as to make reasonable adjustments into our recruitment process. in such cases we have legal obligation to collect and process your personal data;
– to check and confirm your suitability for employment;
– to stay in contact with you, taking into the consideration that a further opportunity may arise in the future and we may wish to consider you for that, but we will ask you if you wish to stay in contact with us;
– for the purposes of marketing, advertisement and promotion of our website or our company and its services and etc
for the purposes of job applicants processing pixelplex collects information which is deemed to be necessary for evaluation of possibility to establish employment relationship with you, such as: your full name and surname; email address and phone number; links to your portfolios; information you have provided in your curriculum vitae, covering letter, portfolio, reference letters and/ or in any other attached documents; curriculum vitae with common information about you, your work experience, former employers etc. we don’t require any special categories of information such as personal data revealing racial or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs and etc.
we do not transfer your personal data to third parties except our affiliated companies.
2. how we use your information
to summarize briefly, we use the collected personal information to improve the quality of our software development services and enhance the way we operate our business. we also use it for security, analytics and research purposes, and to make sure we provide you with the best user experience. in addition, we use your information to promote our services and for displaying third-party advertisements, if applicable.
we use your information for the following purposes:
developing, delivering and improving our services;
displaying and showing advertisements for pixelplex and its services;
analysis of the website usage;
understanding and analyzing trends in website visits and interaction, and creation of reports for the purposes of research or business intelligence;
enhancing the safety and security of our website;
providing customer support;
sending notices and for other purposes of business operation.
3. how we share your information
we may share your personal information with:
3.1. advertising partners. pixelplex has concluded contracts with certain advertising partners (ad networks) assisting us in delivering advertising to you and allowing us to provide you with website content and services.
pixelplex allows advertising partners to track impressions, clicks or other advertising indicators via tracking providers for the sake of measuring advertising performance. they may use their own tracking providers.
3.2. analytics providers. we acquire the services of analytics providers in order to provide services, for analysis and research purposes. the device data pixelplex shares with these providers is encrypted. providers may assign a random id to this data, which they are not able to trace back. pixelplex also collects data for benchmarking.
3.3. cloud service providers. pixelplex can store personal information on servers provided by our cloud service providers.
3.4. other providers. we may add to the list of partners and/or providers in the future or change existing partners and/or providers to improve user experience when browsing our website and the quality of our services. these changes will be updated to this policy within a certain period of time, or promptly in case of significant changes in our data processing.
our current partners and providers are listed in 1.3.3.
3.5. legal rights for disclosure. in any case, we reserve the right for disclosure of your personal information and data (including personally-identifiable data) in accordance with law, legal processes, litigation, and/or requests from public and state authority within or beyond your country of residence.
we may also disclose your information if we decide that such disclosure is necessary or appropriate for national security, law enforcement, or other purposes of importance for the general public.
we may also disclose your information if we decide that such disclosure is reasonable to ensure our website’s operation and provision of services.
3.6. transferring information to third parties. in the event of a reorganization, mergers, acquisitions, etc., we may transfer any or all information (including personally identifiable information) we collect to the relevant third party.
for any additional questions and issues regarding information collection and usage, please email us at privacy@pixelplex.io.
4. cookies
cookies are files containing small amounts of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. the website sends cookies to your browser, which are stored in your device’s memory.
pixelplex uses cookies for the purpose of collecting information. you may set your browser to deny all cookies or to prompt you when a cookie is being sent. however, if you don’t receive cookies, you may not be able to access and use certain sections of our website.
other technologies and cookies:
our website may use cookies and other technology, including pixel tags and web beacons. this technology provides a better understanding of your behavior and indicates which parts of our website you’ve visited. we then use this information to facilitate and measure the proficiency of advertisements and seo practices. information collected through cookies and other technology is considered as non-personal information. however, in cases when ip addresses or other related identifiers are considered personal information by local legislation, pixelplex also considers these identifiers as personal information.
similarly, with regards to non-personal information and data stored or used in conjunction with personal information, pixelplex considers this joint information as personal information guarded by this privacy policy.
we may, at our sole discretion, gather certain data automatically, and hold it in log files. this information may include ip addresses, browser version, internet provider, operating system, language, date/time stamp and/or other information.
we may use this information to pinpoint trends, monitor your behavior on the website, administer the website, improve our services, collect demographic information on our users for general and marketing/advertising purposes.
some of our email messages may contain “click-through urls”, that link to content on our website.
pixel tags enable us to send email messages that, when read by the user, notify us whether the mail has been opened. we may use this information to eliminate or reduce the number of messages sent to you.
pixelplex may use other cookies for the purpose of gathering personal information under this privacy policy.
5. children’s privacy
our website does not contain content intended for users under the age of 16 (“children”). we do not identify the user’s age while collecting personal information, that is why we do not deliberately collect personal information from users under the age of 16. if you are a parent or guardian and have become aware of your children providing us with their personal information, please contact us regarding the matter. if we become informed that we have collected personal data from a child under the age of 16 without their parental consent, we will carry out all necessary procedures to promptly remove that information from our servers.
6. consent to transfer to other countries and processing of personal information
pixelplex operates globally and shares your information with our partners and/or providers only for purposes stipulated in this privacy policy. this may include the transfer of your personal information outside of your or our country of residence. these other countries may have different privacy laws and provide different levels of protection of personal information. you agree that this privacy policy will apply and you agree to the transmission and processing of your personal information in any country.
7. eu and eea users’ rights
if you are an eu or eea- based visitor of our website, you have certain rights with regards to the handling of your personal information. some of these rights may be subject to exceptions or limitations. you may make use of these rights at any time by following the instructions below or sending us relevant requests to privacy@pixelplex.io.
your rights include the following:
a) right to withdraw your consent to show personalized ads to you;
b) right to delete your data which we have stored about you;
c) right to restrict processing of your personal information;
d) right to access, obtain and/or receive your personal data which we have stored about you, in a structured, commonly used and supported by modern devices format;
e) right to restrict processing of your personal information;
f) right to take your data with you to obtain your personal data in accordance with art. 20 gdpr and receive it in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format data if you want to upload it to another service;
g) right to object how your data is handled.
in all cases described in the subclauses a - g of this clause you may send us a request 30 calendar days prior to privacy@pixelplex.io.
8. retention of your personal data
the privacy and security of your personal data is important to us and we always pay special attention to ensure that we process your information lawfully in accordance with one of the legal bases set out under eea data protection laws that apply to eea users. similar rights may be guaranteed to the visitors outside the eea. we will choose and appoint a data protection officer to help us ensure compliance with eea data protection laws. we store your information for as long as needed to provide you with our website operation. we may store the information longer, but only in a way that so it cannot be tracked back to you. we operate globally and we share your information with our partners just for the purposes stipulated herein, which may include a transfer of your personal information outside of the eea. please check regularly for changes to our privacy policy.
9. security
we may implement appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect the confidentiality, security, and integrity of the collected information, and to prevent unauthorized access and the use of information contrary to this privacy policy. although we use commercially reasonable efforts to assure that your information remains secure when maintained by us, please be aware that no security measures are perfect or impenetrable. we disclaim all warranties and representations in connection with the security measures taken in order to protect your personal information.
10. information for californian consumers
california civil code section 1798.83 permits you who are california residents to request certain information regarding our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes. we do not share your personal information with unaffiliated third parties for their own direct marketing purposes. for inquiries regarding our disclosure, please send us an email to privacy@pixelplex.io.
11. changes to our privacy policy
we will occasionally update this privacy policy as necessary to protect our users, furnish refined current information, and respond to legal and technical changes. the most current version of the privacy policy will govern our use of your information and will be available on our website.
12. contact us
if you have questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us via our email: privacy@pixelplex.io and send us mail to at the address: kemp house, 152 - 160 city road, london ec1v 2nx, united kingdom.
new york
520 west 28th st.
suite 31
new york, ny 10001
london
kemp house,
152 - 160 city road
london ec1v 2nx, uk
tokyo
3-1-30 avex building 2f avex eye
minami-aoyama, minato-ku
tokyo 107-8577, japan
seoul
three ifc, 29f, 2900, 10
gukjegeumyung-ro
youngdeungpo-gu, seoul   republic of korea
pfäffikon
zentrum zum staldenbach 11
8808 pfäffikon sz
switzerland
services
blockchain consulting
enterprise blockchain
tokenization
mobile app development
web development
web accessibility
technologies
blockchain
metaverse
artificial intelligence
internet of things
industries
fintech & banking
retail & ecommerce
supply chain & logistics
company
about us
team
careers
blog
news
contacts
servicesit consultingfrom complex enterprise tech transformation to the innovative project launch, our team supports businesses at different stages of their projects.come along, we’ll help you get an edge and play big on the global market.it consultingblockchain consultingsto consultingblockchain trainingcustom software developmentlet us have your back in a project of any scale. from user-centric mobile apps to full-blown cross-platform enterprise ecosystems — we’ll bring your concept to life, exactly as you think it should look and work.mobile app developmententrust us with your end-to-end mobile project — from ideation and engineering to app launch and integration.with business growth in mind, we’ll help you hit the market with a slick ios, android, or cross-platform app.mobile app developmentios app developmentandroid app developmentcross-platform app developmentweb developmentwhether you need an app from the ground up or require a legacy system to be updated, we can jump in at any stage.from an accessibility roadmap to post-launch support, we’ll help your business stay strictly legal and competitive.web developmentweb accessibility audit and consultingaccessible web development and designui/ux designgive us the pleasure of adding our secret sauce to your app.we’ll create beautiful screens at the front while breaking the limits of what’s behind them to help your app get to beyond-plausible business achievements.qa & software testingengage us for integrated quality assurance services, and our experts will advise on qa strategy and optimize software testing costs.we’ll balance manual testing with qa automation to ensure consistent performance for all possible use cases and devices.
it consultingfrom complex enterprise tech transformation to the innovative project launch, our team supports businesses at different stages of their projects.come along, we’ll help you get an edge and play big on the global market.it consultingblockchain consultingsto consultingblockchain training
from complex enterprise tech transformation to the innovative project launch, our team supports businesses at different stages of their projects.come along, we’ll help you get an edge and play big on the global market.
from complex enterprise tech transformation to the innovative project launch, our team supports businesses at different stages of their projects.
come along, we’ll help you get an edge and play big on the global market.
it consulting
blockchain consulting
sto consulting
blockchain training
custom software developmentlet us have your back in a project of any scale. from user-centric mobile apps to full-blown cross-platform enterprise ecosystems — we’ll bring your concept to life, exactly as you think it should look and work.
let us have your back in a project of any scale. from user-centric mobile apps to full-blown cross-platform enterprise ecosystems — we’ll bring your concept to life, exactly as you think it should look and work.
let us have your back in a project of any scale. from user-centric mobile apps to full-blown cross-platform enterprise ecosystems — we’ll bring your concept to life, exactly as you think it should look and work.
mobile app developmententrust us with your end-to-end mobile project — from ideation and engineering to app launch and integration.with business growth in mind, we’ll help you hit the market with a slick ios, android, or cross-platform app.mobile app developmentios app developmentandroid app developmentcross-platform app development
entrust us with your end-to-end mobile project — from ideation and engineering to app launch and integration.with business growth in mind, we’ll help you hit the market with a slick ios, android, or cross-platform app.
entrust us with your end-to-end mobile project — from ideation and engineering to app launch and integration.
with business growth in mind, we’ll help you hit the market with a slick ios, android, or cross-platform app.
mobile app development
ios app development
android app development
cross-platform app development
web developmentwhether you need an app from the ground up or require a legacy system to be updated, we can jump in at any stage.from an accessibility roadmap to post-launch support, we’ll help your business stay strictly legal and competitive.web developmentweb accessibility audit and consultingaccessible web development and design
whether you need an app from the ground up or require a legacy system to be updated, we can jump in at any stage.from an accessibility roadmap to post-launch support, we’ll help your business stay strictly legal and competitive.
whether you need an app from the ground up or require a legacy system to be updated, we can jump in at any stage.
from an accessibility roadmap to post-launch support, we’ll help your business stay strictly legal and competitive.
web development
web accessibility audit and consulting
accessible web development and design
ui/ux designgive us the pleasure of adding our secret sauce to your app.we’ll create beautiful screens at the front while breaking the limits of what’s behind them to help your app get to beyond-plausible business achievements.
give us the pleasure of adding our secret sauce to your app.we’ll create beautiful screens at the front while breaking the limits of what’s behind them to help your app get to beyond-plausible business achievements.
give us the pleasure of adding our secret sauce to your app.
we’ll create beautiful screens at the front while breaking the limits of what’s behind them to help your app get to beyond-plausible business achievements.
qa & software testingengage us for integrated quality assurance services, and our experts will advise on qa strategy and optimize software testing costs.we’ll balance manual testing with qa automation to ensure consistent performance for all possible use cases and devices.
engage us for integrated quality assurance services, and our experts will advise on qa strategy and optimize software testing costs.we’ll balance manual testing with qa automation to ensure consistent performance for all possible use cases and devices.
engage us for integrated quality assurance services, and our experts will advise on qa strategy and optimize software testing costs.
we’ll balance manual testing with qa automation to ensure consistent performance for all possible use cases and devices.
technologiesblockchainenterprise blockchain developmentnft developmentsto developmentsmart contracts developmentdapp developmentcryptocurrency exchange developmentar & vrimmerse your customers into a universe of unimaginable and give them  truly novel experiences with ar, vr and mixed realitywe'll help define a proper business concept and find a balance between legacy workflows and next-gen customer engagement solutions.metaversewe create tools, assets, and ecosystems to seamlessly merge real-life and digital worlds within your metaverse projects.it could be a multi-layer virtual space or a unique artwork item.  either way, we’ll deliver it — ready and working.cognitive computing (ai)engage a team of machine learning solutions engineers, data science experts, and other ai software development pros to implement your product.reach out to us — we’ll help you translate big data or disparate digital assets into business growth triggers.custom ai developmentchatbot developmentconnected devices (iot)aching to handle digital and physical asset management? we build load-resistant iot services, both enterprise and consumer.hit us with iot consulting, app development, back-end engineering, or existing infrastructure revamping – we’ll nail it down.
blockchainenterprise blockchain developmentnft developmentsto developmentsmart contracts developmentdapp developmentcryptocurrency exchange development
enterprise blockchain development
nft development
sto development
smart contracts development
dapp development
cryptocurrency exchange development
ar & vrimmerse your customers into a universe of unimaginable and give them  truly novel experiences with ar, vr and mixed realitywe'll help define a proper business concept and find a balance between legacy workflows and next-gen customer engagement solutions.
immerse your customers into a universe of unimaginable and give them  truly novel experiences with ar, vr and mixed realitywe'll help define a proper business concept and find a balance between legacy workflows and next-gen customer engagement solutions.
immerse your customers into a universe of unimaginable and give them  truly novel experiences with ar, vr and mixed reality
we'll help define a proper business concept and find a balance between legacy workflows and next-gen customer engagement solutions.
metaversewe create tools, assets, and ecosystems to seamlessly merge real-life and digital worlds within your metaverse projects.it could be a multi-layer virtual space or a unique artwork item.  either way, we’ll deliver it — ready and working.
we create tools, assets, and ecosystems to seamlessly merge real-life and digital worlds within your metaverse projects.it could be a multi-layer virtual space or a unique artwork item.  either way, we’ll deliver it — ready and working.
we create tools, assets, and ecosystems to seamlessly merge real-life and digital worlds within your metaverse projects.
it could be a multi-layer virtual space or a unique artwork item.  either way, we’ll deliver it — ready and working.
cognitive computing (ai)engage a team of machine learning solutions engineers, data science experts, and other ai software development pros to implement your product.reach out to us — we’ll help you translate big data or disparate digital assets into business growth triggers.custom ai developmentchatbot development
engage a team of machine learning solutions engineers, data science experts, and other ai software development pros to implement your product.reach out to us — we’ll help you translate big data or disparate digital assets into business growth triggers.
engage a team of machine learning solutions engineers, data science experts, and other ai software development pros to implement your product.
reach out to us — we’ll help you translate big data or disparate digital assets into business growth triggers.
custom ai development
chatbot development
connected devices (iot)aching to handle digital and physical asset management? we build load-resistant iot services, both enterprise and consumer.hit us with iot consulting, app development, back-end engineering, or existing infrastructure revamping – we’ll nail it down.
aching to handle digital and physical asset management? we build load-resistant iot services, both enterprise and consumer.hit us with iot consulting, app development, back-end engineering, or existing infrastructure revamping – we’ll nail it down.
aching to handle digital and physical asset management? we build load-resistant iot services, both enterprise and consumer.
hit us with iot consulting, app development, back-end engineering, or existing infrastructure revamping – we’ll nail it down.
industriesfintech & bankingas traditional finance goes digital, we are committed to building efficient ecosystems and better engagementthink of customized fintech solutions with tamper-proof transactions and storage, progress transparency and automation — and we’ll make them see the light of day.retail & ecommercewhether you market b2b or b2c, commerce tech trends are all about value-driven purposes, global sustainability, hybrid shopping journeys, and extra-resiliency.let your clients know that there’s more to your brand than meets the eye by creating unique customer experiences in all your stores.supply chain & logisticsto make things easier for all vendors, we deliver apps for route and cost optimization, vehicle operational support, and better dispatch time efficiency.with focus is sustainability, resilience, transparency, and immutability, let’s get your transformation going.
fintech & bankingas traditional finance goes digital, we are committed to building efficient ecosystems and better engagementthink of customized fintech solutions with tamper-proof transactions and storage, progress transparency and automation — and we’ll make them see the light of day.
as traditional finance goes digital, we are committed to building efficient ecosystems and better engagementthink of customized fintech solutions with tamper-proof transactions and storage, progress transparency and automation — and we’ll make them see the light of day.
as traditional finance goes digital, we are committed to building efficient ecosystems and better engagement
think of customized fintech solutions with tamper-proof transactions and storage, progress transparency and automation — and we’ll make them see the light of day.
retail & ecommercewhether you market b2b or b2c, commerce tech trends are all about value-driven purposes, global sustainability, hybrid shopping journeys, and extra-resiliency.let your clients know that there’s more to your brand than meets the eye by creating unique customer experiences in all your stores.
whether you market b2b or b2c, commerce tech trends are all about value-driven purposes, global sustainability, hybrid shopping journeys, and extra-resiliency.let your clients know that there’s more to your brand than meets the eye by creating unique customer experiences in all your stores.
whether you market b2b or b2c, commerce tech trends are all about value-driven purposes, global sustainability, hybrid shopping journeys, and extra-resiliency.
let your clients know that there’s more to your brand than meets the eye by creating unique customer experiences in all your stores.
supply chain & logisticsto make things easier for all vendors, we deliver apps for route and cost optimization, vehicle operational support, and better dispatch time efficiency.with focus is sustainability, resilience, transparency, and immutability, let’s get your transformation going.
to make things easier for all vendors, we deliver apps for route and cost optimization, vehicle operational support, and better dispatch time efficiency.with focus is sustainability, resilience, transparency, and immutability, let’s get your transformation going.
to make things easier for all vendors, we deliver apps for route and cost optimization, vehicle operational support, and better dispatch time efficiency.
with focus is sustainability, resilience, transparency, and immutability, let’s get your transformation going.
productscryptoapiconnect your dapps to blockchain networks in a flash under zero commission. no hassle with heavy database upload, infrastructure updates, or maintenance of a dedicated engineering teamotc hawkbenefit from our portfolio and wealth management app. outpace your competitors and let clients trade cryptocurrency nice and easy, and always for a profitarbitrage botalternate your yield channels, maximize investment efficiency, customize trading strategies, and execute profitable low-risk transactionsdocflowenjoy uncompromised workflow and data security, decentralize storage, and take utmost control of docs turnaround with our business document management system
cryptoapiconnect your dapps to blockchain networks in a flash under zero commission. no hassle with heavy database upload, infrastructure updates, or maintenance of a dedicated engineering team
connect your dapps to blockchain networks in a flash under zero commission. no hassle with heavy database upload, infrastructure updates, or maintenance of a dedicated engineering team
otc hawkbenefit from our portfolio and wealth management app. outpace your competitors and let clients trade cryptocurrency nice and easy, and always for a profit
benefit from our portfolio and wealth management app. outpace your competitors and let clients trade cryptocurrency nice and easy, and always for a profit
arbitrage botalternate your yield channels, maximize investment efficiency, customize trading strategies, and execute profitable low-risk transactions
alternate your yield channels, maximize investment efficiency, customize trading strategies, and execute profitable low-risk transactions
docflowenjoy uncompromised workflow and data security, decentralize storage, and take utmost control of docs turnaround with our business document management system
enjoy uncompromised workflow and data security, decentralize storage, and take utmost control of docs turnaround with our business document management system
success storiesblockchaingovernment & enterpriseenergy & utilitiesfinancial servicessupply chainhealthcareretail & ecommercesee all projects
blockchain
government & enterprise
energy & utilities
financial services
supply chain
healthcare
retail & ecommerce
see all projects
companyabout usteamnewscareersscholarshipcsrcontacts
about us
team
news
careers
scholarship
csr
contacts
blog
