about usplanys storyour visionour teaminvestors & boardcareers
planys story
our vision
our team
investors & board
careers
servicesports & terminalsdamsbridgesprocess plantswhy choose us?clients & testimonialsaccreditationscase studies
ports & terminals
dams
bridges
process plants
why choose us?
clients & testimonials
accreditations
case studies
technologyrov fleetcapabilitiesdigital reportingcustom product development
rov fleet
capabilities
digital reporting
custom product development
research & consultancyunderwater ndt & ndemarine roboticsindustrial roboticsinfrastructure
underwater ndt & nde
marine robotics
industrial robotics
infrastructure
collaborations
mediaawardsin the newsblog
awards
in the news
blog
about planys
the planys story
planys is a global solutions provider pioneering cutting edge technologies across marine robotics, non-destructive testing (ndt) & intelligent data analytics & reporting. planys’ technology is changing how underwater asset inspections are conducted across maritime, infrastructure & energy sectors.
incorporated in 2015, planys was founded by iit madras alumni and faculty who have been concocting brilliant ideas since 2012 on various projects. since then, planys has been developing competent inspection solutions for executing complex missions in hostile & restrictive environments. with our patented technologies, domain expertise and production systems, we are uniquely positioned to offer greater efficiency from concept to project delivery and beyond.
planys is an enterprise that is driven by research and technology. our team’s approach in innovating a solution always starts with an in-depth analysis of the engineering and scientific perspectives. every single day, we strive to increase our stock of knowledge, utilize this for the benefit of our clients and constantly evolve.
vision & mission
we envision to become a global leader in providing customizable automated inspection solutions for onshore and offshore submerged structures. furthermore, planys intends to excel as a leading product and services company in the domain of under-fluid remotely operated vehicles (rovs) for long-term asset integrity monitoring across industries.
core values
safety
we put the safety of oneself & the team above anything else at planys.
integrity
righteousness is the foundation of our business and we always believe in doing the right thing.
quality
in every project that we take up we ensure to give our clients nothing short of the best.
innovation
at planys we encourage our team to think out-of-the-box and innovate.
ownership driven
every role at planys technologies is ownership driven.
advisory board
planys has a mix of investor-mentor and other advisors on its advisory board.
gopal srinivasan
lead advisor and investor
gopal srinivasan
lead advisor and investor
p. a. krishnan
business development advisor
p. a. krishnan
business development advisor
capt. krishnamurti
maritime advisor
capt. krishnamurti
maritime advisor
p elango
oil and gas advisor
p elango
oil and gas advisor
supported by
keiretsu forum
ranjan pai
kris gopalakrishnan
ongc startup fund
lets venture
bluehill capital
shell
bpcl
accelerated by
awards
breakthrough dam safety technology company of the year 2021 by aqua foundation academy
featured on the forbes asia 100 to watch companies list under the category 'construction & engineering'
forbes 30 under 30 asia honoré by forbes asia publication under the category 'industry, manufacturing & energy'
aegis graham bell ‘jury choice award’ by aegis business school, ministry of electronis & information technology, niti aayog, skill india
national startup award 2020 by startup india, dippt, ministry of commerce and industry, goi.
national entrepreneurship award by ministry of skill development and entrepreneurship
dam safety award for excellence in development of technology by aqua foundation academy
startup 50 award by facebook
inae innovator entrepreneur award indian national academy of engineering
best startup in hydrocarbon sector by petrotech
dp world prize by ministry of shipping
takeda young entrepreneurship award by the takeda foundation, japan
young iitm alumni entrepreneur award by iit madras alumni association
headquarters
main links
home
about
services
technology
quick links
research/consultancy
collaborations
career
contact us
terms of use
privacy policy
privacy overview
