technology
careers
newsroom
safety
investors
plus website privacy policy
last updated:july 20, 2021
plusai, inc. (“plus,” “we,” “our,” and/or “us”) values the privacy of individuals who use our website. this privacy policy (the “privacy policy”) explains how we collect, use, and share information from or about plus users (“users”) or their devices. by using our website, you agree to the collection, use, disclosure, and procedures this privacy policy describes.
information we collect
we may collect a variety of information from or about you or your devices from various sources, as described below.
a. information you provide to us.
webcasts & events.when you register for one of our webcasts or related events, we collect your name, company affiliation, email address, and other information you choose to provide.
communications.when you communicate with us, we may receive additional information about you. for example, when you communicate with us through our “contact us” form, we will receive your name, email address, the contents of a message that you may send to us, and other information you choose to provide.
careers.if you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, we will receive your name, email address, and resume. we will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience.
b. information we collect when you use our website.
location information.we may infer your general location information (for example, your ip address may indicate your more general geographic region).
device information.we receive information about the device and software you use to access our website, including internet protocol (ip) address, web browser type, operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, application installations, device identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and push notification tokens.
usage information.to help us understand how you use our website and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our website, like the pages or other content you view and the dates and times of your visits.
information from cookies and similar technologies.we and third-party partners collect information using cookies, pixel tags, or similar technologies. our third-party partners, such as analytics and advertising partners, may use these technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different services. cookies are small text files containing a string of alphanumeric characters. we may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. a session cookie disappears after you close your browser. a persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our website.
please review your web browser’s “help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from our website, you may not be able to utilize the features of our website to their fullest potential.
how we use the information we collect
we use the information we collect:
to provide, maintain, improve, and enhance our website;
to communicate with you, provide you with updates and other information relating to our website, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
to find and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
for marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable or otherwise of interest to you;
for compliance purposes, including enforcing our terms of service or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency; and
for other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
how we share the information we collect
we share information with the following categories of third parties.
affiliates.we may share any information we receive with our corporate affiliates for any of the purposes described in this privacy policy.
vendors and service providers.we may share any information we receive with vendors and service providers retained in connection with the provision of our website.
marketing.we do not rent, sell, or share information about you with nonaffiliated companies for their direct marketing purposes, unless we have your permission.
analytics partners.we use analytics services such as google analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. these services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. you can learn about google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/, and opt-out of them by downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
as required by law and similar disclosures.we may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. for the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through our website.
merger, sale, or other asset transfers.we may disclose and transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
consent.we may also disclose information from or about you or your devices with your permission.
third parties
our website may contain links to other websites, products, or services that we do not own or operate. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of these third parties. please be aware that this privacy policy does not apply to your activities on these third-party services or any information you disclose to these third parties. we encourage you to read their privacy policies before providing any information to them.
security
we make reasonable efforts to protect your information by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain. however, as our website is hosted electronically, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information.
changes to this privacy policy
we will post any adjustments to the privacy policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. if we materially change the ways in which we use or share personal information previously collected from you through our website, we will notify you through the website, by email, or other communication.
contact information
if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about our processing activities, please email us at info@plus.ai or write to us at 20401 stevens creek blvd., cupertino, ca 95014.
©2022 plusai, inc.
privacy policy
contact us
