main navigation
meet princetontoggle sub-itemsin service of humanityfacts & figureshistoryhonors & awardscontact usvisit usour facultyour studentsour alumniour staffour leadershipacademic freedom and free expression
in service of humanity
facts & figures
history
honors & awards
contact us
visit us
our faculty
our students
our alumni
our staff
our leadership
academic freedom and free expression
academicstoggle sub-itemsstudying at princetonlibraryareas of studyhumanitiessocial sciencesengineeringnatural sciencesadvisingacademic calendarcourse toolslearning abroadcareer developmentcontinuing educationinnovative learning
studying at princeton
library
areas of study
humanities
social sciences
engineering
natural sciences
advising
academic calendar
course tools
learning abroad
career development
continuing education
innovative learning
researchtoggle sub-itemsengineering & applied sciencehumanitiesnatural sciencessocial sciencesinterdisciplinary approachdean for research officeexternal partnershipsfacilities & labs
engineering & applied science
humanities
natural sciences
social sciences
interdisciplinary approach
dean for research office
external partnerships
facilities & labs
one communitytoggle sub-itemslifelong connectionsstudent lifearts & cultureathleticsliving in princeton, n.j.housing & diningactivities & organizationscultural & affinity groupshealth & wellnessreligious lifeserving the public goodfamilies
lifelong connections
student life
arts & culture
athletics
living in princeton, n.j.
housing & dining
activities & organizations
cultural & affinity groups
health & wellness
religious life
serving the public good
families
admission & aidtoggle sub-itemsaffordable for allabout financial aidcurrent undergraduate financial aidundergraduate admissiongraduate admissionfor international students
affordable for all
about financial aid
current undergraduate financial aid
undergraduate admission
graduate admission
for international students
utility menu
news
events
work at princetonservices & resourceswork-life balance
services & resources
work-life balance
links forstudentsfaculty & staff
students
faculty & staff
alumni
giving
princeton university privacy notice
overview
links to other sites
collection of personal information
site analytics
cookies & beacons
use of log data
forms, comments and social sharing
monitoring of electronic communications
university use of information
third party use of information
security, retention and disposition of your information
information for data subjects in the european union
updates to this policy
overview
this privacy notice applies to all princeton university (the “university” or “we”) owned websites and apps, as well as electronic communications involving the use of university systems and/or networks, unless a different notice is provided.
the university reserves the right to modify this privacy notice at any time.
links to other sites
some university websites may contain links to external websites not owned or controlled by the university. the university is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites.
collection of personal information
personal information is any information that personally identifies you or from which you could be identified. this may include information related to you that can be identified, directly or indirectly, by reference to an identifier such as an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to your physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural, or social identity.
the university collects personal information from you from a variety or sources, including from you directly (e.g. when you contact us, sign up for an account, complete a form online) and information we generate about you in the course of our relationship with you (e.g. information collected from cookies). by using the website, you consent to the collection and use of your personal information as described in this privacy notice.
site analytics
the university collects data about how users interact with websites and applications. this information is collected by third-party analytics providers on behalf of the university, and is used to evaluate and improve our websites and communication initiatives.
cookies & beacons
the university’s websites make use of persistent cookies to save preferences and temporary (session) cookies to track logins and allow for site analytics. note that logged in users are individually identifiable to the web server through these cookies.
you can prevent the setting of cookies or selectively accept cookies by adjusting the preferences in your browser (please refer to your browser’s help function to learn more about cookie controls). if you turn off cookies, you may not be able to log in, and some web pages may not display properly.
a beacon is code that tracks how users interact with our websites. we use this information to improve our websites and online services, tailor our websites and online services to your likely interests, and conduct market research.
you may be able to turn off scripting functionality, such as javascript, within your browser (please refer to your browser’s help function). if you turn off javascript, there may be some features of our websites that will not be available to you, and some web pages may not display properly.
use of log data
university websites may collect personal information such as account names, netids, internet protocol (“ip”) addresses, browser characteristics and times and dates of connections.
we may use log data to help diagnose problems with our server, administer our websites, analyze trends and track users’ use of websites to improve our websites, and to deliver customized and/or personalized content.
forms, comments and social sharing
if you share personal information, including photographs, on any university website, social network, blog, or other such forum, please be aware that any information you submit can be read, viewed, collected, or used by other users, and could be used to contact you, send you unsolicited messages, or for purposes over which neither you nor the university have control. the university is not responsible for the personal information you choose to provide in these forums.
monitoring of electronic communications
the university monitors and scans network traffic and electronic communications involving the use of university systems or networks to preserve the security and integrity of university systems and networks.
university use of information
your personal information will be used for administrative, educational and/or research purposes and in furtherance of the university’s mission. the use of your personal information is necessary for the legitimate interest of the university in carrying out its educational and research mission and performing university business, for complying with legal obligations, for protecting your or someone else’s vital interests, and/or for the public interest.
third party use of information
we do not sell the information we gather from individual visitors to our websites.
we may disclose your information to third parties as follows:
consent: we may disclose your information to third parties if we have your consent to do so.
service providers: we may share your information with third parties that help us provide services and/or products to you, support our operations or to help fulfill the university’s obligations.
required by law: we may share your information with third parties to the extent we are required to do so by law, court order, subpoena or other legal processes.
de-identified and aggregate information: we may use and disclose your information in anonymized or aggregate form without limitation.
security, retention and disposition of your information
the university implements appropriate technical, physical and organizational security measures designed to protect the personal information we process that ensure a level of security appropriate to the risks presented by the processing and the nature of the data to be protected. while we strive to protect your information, we cannot ensure or warrant the security of such information.
your information will be retained or disposed of by the university in accordance with its records management principles and policies.
information for data subjects in the european union
subject to certain limitations and conditions, you have certain rights regarding the processing of your personal information, including the right to request access, correct, delete, restrict or object to our processing of, or receive a portable copy of, your personal information. you may exercise these rights by contacting gdpr@princeton.edu. you may also have a right to lodge a complaint with your local data protection or privacy regulator.
your personal information may be transferred to, stored and processed in, a country that is not regarded as providing the same level of protection for personal information as the laws of your home country. we have put in place appropriate safeguards (such as contractual commitments) in accordance with applicable legal requirements to provide adequate protections for your personal information. for more information about the safeguards which the university has in place in connection with this transfer, please contact infosec@princeton.edu.
updates to this policy
we may update or change this policy at any time. your continued use of this site after any such change indicates your acceptance of such changes.
last updated 12/12/19.
contact links
contact us
accessibility
advanced people search
media inquiries
website feedback
visiting links
plan a visit
maps & shuttles
varsity athletics
giving to princeton
academic links
library
academic calendar
student links
faculty & staff links
footer social media
facebook
twitter
instagram
snapchat
linkedin
youtube
social media directory
subfooter links
copyright infringement
privacy notice
