create an account
sign in


new products
new products
products on sale
products on sale
about us
about us
how to buy?
how to buy?
internet store rules
internet store rules




»home page
»privacy policy
drone frames(0)
3d printed upgrades(3)
dji digital fpv(8)
receivers/diversity(0)
plane/glider accessories(1)
433mhz antennas(6)
868mhz / 900mhz / 915mhz antennas(24)
1.2ghz antennas(7)
2.4ghz antennas(16)
5.8ghz antennas(31)
antenna accesories(24)
drone accesories(12)
new products
products on sale
prodrone.pl privacy policy
we fully respect our customers’ privacy and ensure that their personal data is fully protected.

personal data supplied to us by customers is processed by us within the scope of the permission given by them and in accordance with the law, in particular the act of 29 august 1997 on personal data protection (dz.u. no. 133 item 883 as amended). we store customers’ personal data on servers which ensure the complete security of the data. only authorized employees of the store have access to the database.
every customer who has supplied their personal data to us can obtain full access to their data for the purpose of verifying it, modifying it or demanding its deletion.
the store does not convey, sell or lend its collected customer personal data to third parties, except with the explicit consent or at the request of the customer or at the demand of legally empowered state authorities in connection with ongoing proceedings.
our store also makes use of internet cookies. these files are stored on the customer’s computer by our server, and supply statistical data about the customer’s activity in order to offer products matched to the customer’s individual needs and tastes. the customer may at any time disable the “accept cookies” option in their internet browser, although it should be remembered that in some cases disabling this function may make it more difficult to shop at our store.
we would like to draw your attention to the fact that, if we place links on our store’s pages to other websites not administered by us, we cannot be responsible either for the content of those sites or for the level of privacy protection provided by the administrators of those sites. when deciding to navigate to such a site, the customer does so at his or her own risk. we encourage customers to read such a site’s privacy policy before supplying his or her personal to that site.
we send advertising and promotional materials to customers only if they have consented to our doing so. this applies in particular to the newsletter sent to customers if they have confirmed by clicking the link clearly indicated by us as serving to agree to receive the newsletter about current promotional offers, discounts and new products in our store. these materials relate only to the products offered by our store.
please send any questions, applications and suggestions relating to the protection of your privacy, and personal data in particular, to bartek@prodrone.pl or by telephone on +48725908725.
choose shop languange / wybierz język.
english / united states
polish / poland
choose your currency / wybierz walutę
shopping                                            waiting time for orders                                                                                    methods of payment                                                                                    cost of delivery                                                                                    complaints and returns
shopping
waiting time for orders
methods of payment
cost of delivery
complaints and returns
help                                            how to buy?                                                                                    frequently asked question                                                                                    privacy policy                                                                                    internet store rules
help
how to buy?
frequently asked question
privacy policy
internet store rules
my account                                            log in                                                                                    my orders                                                                                    storeroom                                                                                    account settings
my account
log in
my orders
storeroom
account settings
information                                            about us                                                                                    contact                                                                                    recommended pages
information
about us
contact
recommended pages
