skip to primary navigation
skip to content
meet propel apps at ascend 2022, las vegas. get a free poc.
connect with us
products  mobile supply chain optimize warehouse operations, reduce errors & streamline supply chainmobile asset maintenance improve asset tracking and execute maintenance work on the go.mobile expense for oracle ebsmobile expenses for oracle track receipts & manage expense reports on the goasset 2mobile approvals optimize spend management by taking approval decisions on the go.bolmobile bill of lading for oracle simple, convenient and cost-efficient way to suppliers, customers, carriers and shippers. perform maintenance work on the go.• works with oracle ebs & erp cloud• built on offline-first architecture• cross platform supportget a free trial
mobile supply chain optimize warehouse operations, reduce errors & streamline supply chainmobile asset maintenance improve asset tracking and execute maintenance work on the go.mobile expense for oracle ebsmobile expenses for oracle track receipts & manage expense reports on the goasset 2mobile approvals optimize spend management by taking approval decisions on the go.bolmobile bill of lading for oracle simple, convenient and cost-efficient way to suppliers, customers, carriers and shippers. perform maintenance work on the go.• works with oracle ebs & erp cloud• built on offline-first architecture• cross platform supportget a free trial
mobile supply chain
optimize warehouse operations, reduce errors & streamline supply chain
mobile asset maintenance
improve asset tracking and execute maintenance work on the go.
mobile expenses for oracle
mobile approvals
optimize spend management by taking approval decisions on the go.
mobile bill of lading for oracle
simple, convenient and cost-efficient way to suppliers, customers, carriers and shippers.
perform maintenance work on the go.
• works with oracle ebs & erp cloud• built on offline-first architecture• cross platform support
about
resources
careers
pricing
contact us
propel apps privacy policy
this privacy policy describes how your personal information is collected, used, and shared when you visit or make a purchase from https://www.propelapps.com (the “site”).
personal information we collect
when you visit the site, we automatically collect certain information about your device, including information about your web browser, ip address, time zone, and some of the cookies that are installed on your device. additionally, as you browse the site, we collect information about the individual web pages or products/services that you view, what websites or search terms referred you to the site, and information about how you interact with the site. we refer to this automatically-collected information as “device information.”
we collect device information using the following technologies:
– “cookies” are data files that are placed on your device or computer and often include an anonymous unique identifier. for more information about cookies, and how to disable cookies, visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org.
– “log files” track actions occurring on the site, and collect data including your ip address, browser type, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, and date/time stamps through statcounter, sumo.com & google analytics.
– “web beacons,” “tags,” and “pixels” are electronic files used to record information about how you browse the site.
additionally when you register or attempt to subscribe through the site, we collect certain information from you, including your name, email address, and phone number. we refer to this information as “registration details.”
when we talk about “personal information” in this privacy policy, we are talking both about device information and registration details.
how do we use your personal information?
we use the registration details that we collect to provide you the information you are looking for or serve you more details about the products/services you enquired for or provide you updates related to our products/services. any forms filled through the site will be used to:
communicate with you;
provide more details about our products & services;
screen our orders for potential risk or fraud; and
when in line with the preferences you have shared with us, provide you with information or advertising relating to our products or services.
we use the device information that we collect to help us screen for potential risk and fraud (in particular, your ip address), and more generally to improve and optimize our site (for example, by generating analytics about how our customers browse and interact with the site, and to assess the success of our marketing and advertising campaigns).
sharing your personal information
we share your personal information with third parties to help us use your personal information, as described above. we also use google analytics to help us understand how our customers use the site–you can read more about how google uses your personal information here: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/.
you can also opt-out of google analytics here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
finally, we may also share your personal information to comply with applicable laws and regulations, to respond to a subpoena, search warrant or other lawful request for information we receive, or to otherwise protect our rights.
behavioural advertising
as described above, we use your personal information to provide you with targeted advertisements or marketing communications we believe may be of interest to you. for more information about how targeted advertising works, you can visit the network advertising initiative’s (“nai”) educational page at http://www.networkadvertising.org/understanding-online-advertising/how-does-it-work
you can opt out of targeted advertising by:
facebook – https://www.facebook.com/settings/?tab=adsgoogle – https://www.google.com/settings/ads/anonymousbing – https://advertise.bingads.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/policies/personalized-ads
additionally, you can opt out of some of these services by visiting the digital advertising alliance’s opt-out portal at: http://optout.aboutads.info/.
do not track
please note that we do not alter our site’s data collection and use practices when we see a do not track signal from your browser.
your rights
if you are a european resident, you have the right to access personal information we hold about you and to ask that your personal information be corrected, updated, or deleted. if you would like to exercise this right, please contact us through the contact information below.
additionally, if you are a european resident we note that we are processing your information in order to fulfill contracts we might have with you, or otherwise to pursue our legitimate business interests listed above. additionally, please note that your information will be transferred outside of europe, including to canada and the united states.
data retention
when you register or subscribe to our mailing list from our site, we will maintain your information for serving you newsletter and offers unless and until you ask us to delete this information.
changes
we may update this privacy policy from time to time in order to reflect, for example, changes to our practices or for other operational, legal or regulatory reasons.
contact us
for more information about our privacy practices, if you have questions, or if you would like to make a complaint, please contact us by e-mail at [email protected] or by mail using the details provided below:
425 kimbrell crossing dr, fort mill, sc 29715 united states

products
mobile supply chain
mobile approvals for oracle
work order management
company
about us
careers
blog
resources
contact us
425 kimbrell crossing dr, fort mill, sc 29715
[email protected]
+1 800 303 4678
sitemap
privacy policy
© 2020 propel apps. all rights reserved.
