other items...
back to top



print
go to "contact us" page
qorvo
sign in
how to buy
investors
support
careers
中文
buy onlinebuy from an authorized channel partnerbuy direct from qorvo salescontact a sales representativerequest a quoterequest a samplesee all buying options
all around you
entire site
products by part #
products by description
documents
entire site
products
applications
foundry
design hub
innovation
support
about us
newsroom
careers
go to products
amplifiers
control products
discrete transistors
filters & duplexers
frequency converters & sources
integrated products
optical
passives
power management
switches
wireless connectivity
go to applications
automotive
consumer goods & electronics
customer premises equipment
defense and aerospace
industrial
information technology
internet of things
mobile products
network infrastructure
power & lighting
go to foundry
go to design hub
block diagrams
design tools
blog
brochures
infographics
e-books
technical articles
videos
white papers
go to innovation
5g the future of rf
biotechnologies
customer stories
technology
ultra-wideband
wi-fi
go to support
how to buy
technical support
samples & eval boards
product life cycle information
supplier resources
subscription center
longevity product program
go to about us
executive leadership
board of directors
our history
our communities
awards
quality
corporate social and environmental responsibility
locations
corporate resources
go to newsroom
news
media contacts
media resources
newsletters
events and trade shows
go to careers
engineering careers
diversity, equity & inclusion
veterans
women in tech
internships & recent college graduates
life at qorvo
our locations
top reasons to work at qorvo
interviewing at qorvo
recruiting agencies
go to amplifiers
catv amplifiers
distributed amplifiers
driver amplifiers (< 3 w)
gain block amplifiers
high frequency amplifiers (> 6 ghz)
low noise amplifiers (nf < 3 db)
low phase noise amplifiers
mobile amplifiers
power amplifiers (> 3 w)
spatium® sspa
variable gain amplifiers
wi-fi network equipment amplifiers
go to control products
attenuators
limiters
phase shifters
programmable capacitor arrays
go to discrete transistors
gaas phemts
gan hemts
go to filters & duplexers
antennaplexers
diplexers
duplexers
lowdrift™ and nodrift™ filters
multiplexers
notch filters
rf filters
go to frequency converters & sources
integrated synthesizers with mixers
mixers
modulators
multipliers
upconverters / downconverters
go to integrated products
automotive
catv hybrid amplifiers
defense & aerospace
internet of things
mobile
wi-fi
wireless infrastructure
go to optical
bessel filters & through lines
modulator drivers
power amplifiers / clock drivers
receivers
transimpedance amplifiers
go to passives
bessel filters & through lines
esd protection circuits
fixed attenuators
limiters
transformers
go to power management
battery management devices
dc/dc converters
intelligent motor controllers
modular pmics
power loss protection devices
power management for rf
go to switches
antenna switch modules
discrete switches
diversity switches
go to wireless connectivity
low power iot
ultra-wideband
wi-fi
go to automotive
automotive antennas
car chargers / power adapters
infotainment
light electric vehicles
telematics
go to consumer goods & electronics
battery chargers
battery packs / power banks
bluetooth speakers
drones / rc devices
garden tools
home appliances / white goods
home medical devices
portable consumer electronics
power tools
usb charging hubs
wearables
go to defense and aerospace
communications
electronic warfare
radar
space
go to industrial
ac powered fans
pumps & compressors
robotics
go to information technology
barcode scanners & printers
hot plug devices
point of sale terminals
processors
server & telecom fans
solid-state drives
go to internet of things
distributed wi-fi
industrial, scientific & medical
lifestyle systems
remote controls
smart energy
smart home
go to mobile products
5g / uhb fem
carrier aggregation
dual uplink
mobile 5g
mobile filters
mobile wi-fi
rf flex™
rf fusion™
antenna control solutions
go to network infrastructure
broadband access
gps
optical
point-to-point radio
satellite communications
wireless infrastructure
go to power & lighting
backup power systems / ups units
solid-state lighting
go to design tools
evaluation tools
interactive tools & calculators
simulation model libraries
go to e-books
5g rf for dummies® second edition
antenna aperture tuning e-guide
a comprehensive guide to mmwave solutions
connected car for dummies®
filters for dummies®
gan for dummies® 2nd edition
internet of things for dummies®
ultra-wideband for dummies®
motor control for dummies®
power management for dummies®
go to customer stories
new wireless led driver platform advances and future proofs commercial lighting applications
the next industrial revolution runs on wireless connectivity
behind the scenes: perseverance rover’s "seven minutes of terror"
volkswagen drives production with uwb operations
bringing the bible to life with ultra-wideband
qorvo helps xiaomi reap full potential of wi-fi 6
a look inside the u.s. army's counterfire radar system
people power and qorvo deliver smart internet of things systems
smart home energy management with levarys and qorvo
go to technology
advanced packaging
bulk acoustic wave (baw)
gallium nitride (gan)
rf integration
go to ultra-wideband
technology
markets & applications
products
resources
partners
community forum
go to quality
certifications
product change notices
go to corporate social and environmental responsibility
cs & er program
supplier responsibility
go to media resources
management photos
go to newsletters
new product announcements
quarterly newsletters
go to events and trade shows
past trade shows
new products
explore the latest additions to our product portfolio.
new products
5g innovation
qorvo is paving a path to 5g.
foundry technologies
learn about our cutting-edge foundry technologies!
free e-book: 5g rf for dummies® 2nd edition
get ready for the future of iot and mobile communication.
gan innovation
qorvo's gan technology helps keep you connected and protected.
get in touch
contact qorvo via phone, email or form.
qorvo's vision
our journey for a better, more connected tomorrow.
qorvo blog
read the latest rf trends, how-to articles, design tips and more from qorvo experts.
why qorvo?
see the top reasons to work at qorvo.
privacy policy
last updated: jan 1, 2021
qorvo inc. ("qorvo" or "we" or "us") offers access to the website with the url www.qorvo.com ("website") that links to this privacy policy (this "policy") subject to the terms of this policy. this policy explains how your personal information is collected, used and disclosed by qorvo.
data protection is a high priority for qorvo. we comply with the data protection laws of the countries in which we do business. internal data protection regulations ensure that uniform and high data protection standards apply.
extensive operational, technical and organizational security measures protect your data against accidental and deliberate manipulation, loss and destruction and against access by unauthorized persons. we regularly review our security measures and adapt them to address technological developments that impact data protection.
personal information collected
we collect information about you in various ways when you use our website. we only collect personal information when you provide it to us. for example, we may collect your name, email address, postal address, phone number, fax number, demographics and other information you provide us on our website. we may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect on our website. to the extent such information contains your personal information, we will treat it in accordance with this policy. our website is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect personal information from children.
when you visit our website, some information is automatically collected. for example, when you visit our website, your computer's operating system, internet protocol (ip) address, browser type and language, and the last website page you visited are logged automatically. we also collect information about your usage and activity on our website.
cookies.         we may automatically collect information using "cookies." cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive by a website. among other things, cookies help us improve our website and your online experience. we use cookies to see which areas and features are popular and to count visits to our website. except for users of those parts of our website requiring registration and log-in, we do not associate cookies with any personal information of visitors to our website.
web beacons.         we may collect information using web beacons. web beacons are electronic images that may be used on our websites or in our emails. we use web beacons to count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and to tell if an email has been opened.
use of personal information we collect
we use personal information collected through our website for purposes described in this policy or disclosed to you on our website or in connection with our products. for example, we may use your personal information to:
provide you with products requested and communicate with you about them;
operate and improve our website and products;
respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
send you information including confirmations, technical notices, updates, security alerts, support and administrative messages;
communicate with you about new promotions and upcoming events, and other news about products and services offered by qorvo and our selected partners;
help us understand your needs and provide you with better customer service.
we may store and process personal information in the united states and other countries. by providing us with personal information, you consent to its transfer to the united states.
sharing of personal information
we may share your personal information with third parties as follows:
in an aggregated form that does not directly identify you;
with your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your personal information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies;
with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who are working on our behalf and need access to your information to carry out their work for us;
(i) to comply with laws or to respond to lawful requests and legal process, (ii) to protect the rights and property of qorvo, our agents, customers and others, including to enforce our agreements, policies and terms of use or (iii) in an emergency to protect the interests of qorvo, its customers or any person;
in connection with any financing or merger with, sale of company assets to or acquisition of all or a portion of our business by another company.
security of your personal information
qorvo takes reasonable measures to help protect your personal information in an effort to prevent its loss, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.
your information choices and changes
you may opt out of receiving promotional emails from qorvo by following the instructions in those emails. you may also send requests about your contact preferences and changes to your information by emailing privacy@qorvo.com. if you opt out, we may still send you non-promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.
most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. if you prefer, you can set your browser to reject cookies. if you choose to do this, it may affect certain features or services of our website.
changes to this policy
we may change this policy from time to time. if we make any changes to this policy, we will change the "last updated" date above.
california privacy rights
pursuant to section 1798.83 of the california civil code, residents of california have the right to request from a business, with whom the california resident has an established business relationship, what types of personal information the business shares with third parties for direct marketing purposes by such third party and the identities of the third parties with whom the business has shared such information in the immediately preceding calendar year.
additionally, pursuant to sections 1798.100 through 1798.199 of the california civil code (the california consumer privacy act of 2018 (ccpa)), a resident of california has the right to request from a business disclosure of the categories and specific pieces of personal information the business has collected about the resident, a right to request correction of the personal information, and a right to request deletion of the personal information.
to exercise your rights described above, please submit a verifiable consumer request to us by either:
calling us at 1-833-458-0040
using our web submission form
contacting us by email at privacy@qorvo.com
also pursuant to the ccpa, the following privacy notices are available for california residents:
website users
customers and suppliers
candidates
european economic area (eea)
pursuant to the general data protection regulation (gdpr), residents of countries in the european economic area have the right to request information about the personal data that we have stored about you. in addition, you have the right to request that the data be corrected, deleted, restricted and refused to be processed and that you or a third party named by you be transferred the stored data in a suitable form. please note that qorvo can delete your personal data only if there is no statutory obligation or prevailing right of qorvo to retain it. you can exercise your rights by telephone, email or in writing. the request can be made by contacting alef völkner, pollerhofstraße 33a, 51789 lindlar, germany tel.: +49 (0)22 66 – 90 15 920, email: dsb@fox-on.com, the data protection officer for qorvo’s german legal entities and contact person for requests concerning data protection for all our european legal entities.
if you believe that qorvo is not processing your personal data in accordance with the requirements set out in this policy or in applicable eea data protection laws, you can at any time lodge a complaint with the data protection authority of the eea country in which you live or with the data protection authority of the country or state in which qorvo has its registered seat.
go to the privacy notice to customers and suppliers pageeea users: view website user data protection notice pagevisit our multi-language privacy notice to candidates page to download privacy notice to candidates documents.
links to other websites
this website may contain links to external third-party websites that are not hosted, sponsored or maintained by qorvo or its affiliates. qorvo is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of such websites. therefore, we recommend that you carefully read the privacy statements of such third-party websites.
do not track requests
qorvo does not currently take actions to respond to do not track signals sent by your web browser because a uniform technological standard has not yet been developed. we continue to review new technologies and may adopt a standard once one is created. while we, or vendors on our behalf, may track the sites you visited before and after our website for our internal business purposes, we do not authorize other third parties (e.g., advertisers) to do so, but it is nonetheless possible that third parties may do so for their own purposes with respect to which we may have no knowledge or control.
contact us
if you have any questions about this policy, please contact us at privacy@qorvo.com.
products
products
applications
new products
product compliance
news & resources
newsroom
events & trade shows
subscription center
design hub
blog
brochures
videos
company
about us
quality
locations
innovation
careers
investors
简体中文
support
how to buy
support
portals
contact us
stay connected



newsletter sign up
rss
site				map
feedback
terms				of use
privacy				policy
customer				terms
supply				chain transparency
qorvo uses cookies and other technologies to enhance your experience, display customized content, secure our website and help us understand how our website is used.  for details, please see our privacy policy.
covid-19 update
