home
solutions                    data solutionsenergy solutionsour approach
data solutions
energy solutions
our approach
customers
about us                    about usleadershipcareers
about us
leadership
careers
newsroom                    press releasesnewsinsightseventsresources
press releases
news
insights
events
resources
support                    supportfaqs
support
faqs
contact us
privacy policy
effective date: september 17, 2021
last updated: march 14, 2022
redaptive, inc. and its affiliates (“redaptive,” “we,” “our,” and/or “us”) respect your privacy. we may collect information about you when you contact us or use redaptive’s websites, including, but not limited to, www.redaptive.com, and the website of our subsidiary, international electron, llc, www.electronbi.com, and related services (collectively, our “services”). this privacy policy (“policy”) describes the types of information we may collect about you and your use of the services and how we may use, maintain, protect, and disclose that information. if you are located in the european economic area (“eea”) or the united kingdom (“uk”), “information” means any information relating to an identified or identifiable individual.
this policy applies to information we collect on the services and through your electronic communications with us. this policy does not apply to information collected offline or by any third party, including any links accessible on our services.
please read this policy carefully to understand our privacy practices. if you do not agree with this policy or our terms of use, you can choose not to use the services. we may change this policy from time to time and your continued use after we have made changes is deemed as an acceptance of those changes.
this policy covers:
information we collect
how we use information
how we share information
your choices
security
cookies
do not track
other websites
international visitors
changes to this policy
contact us
information we collect
information you provide. you may provide us with information when you register or otherwise communicate with us through the services, including when you:
submit information to us electronically
create or update an account on the services
subscribe to email newsletters or updates
apply for a job with us
contact us
we collect information you choose to provide, which may include your name, email address, telephone number, business information, and energy usage data. if you decide that you wish to apply for a job with us, you may submit your contact information and your resume online. we will collect the information you choose to provide on your resume, such as your education and employment experience. please do not submit information that you do not want us to have.
automatically collected information. when you use our services, we may infer your general location information (for example, your ip address may indicate your more general geographic region). we also receive information about the device and software you use to access our services, including internet protocol (ip) address, web browser type, operating system version, phone carrier and manufacturer, application installations, device identifiers, mobile advertising identifiers, and push notification tokens. to help us understand how you use our services and to help us improve them, we automatically receive information about your interactions with our services, like the pages or other content you view, the searches you conduct, and the dates and times of your visits.
further, we may collect information through cookies and other tracking technologies. for more information, please see the cookies & other tools section below.
how we use information
we use information that we collect about you or that you provide to us:
to provide, maintain, improve, and enhance our services;
to communicate with you, provide you with updates and other information relating to our services, provide information that you request, respond to comments and questions, and otherwise provide customer support;
for marketing purposes, such as developing and providing promotional and advertising materials that may be useful, relevant, valuable, or otherwise of interest to you;
to personalize your experience on our services such as presenting tailored content;
to de-identify and aggregate information collected through the services and use it for any lawful purpose;
to find and prevent fraud, and respond to trust and safety issues that may arise;
for compliance purposes, including enforcing our terms of use or other legal rights, or as may be required by applicable laws and regulations or requested by any judicial process or governmental agency; and
for other purposes for which we provide specific notice at the time the information is collected.
legal bases for processing european information
if you are located in the european economic area (“eea”) or the united kingdom (“uk”), we only process your information when we have a valid “legal basis”, including as set forth below.
consent. you have consented to the use of your information.  for example, we may use cookies where you have consented to such use.
contractual necessity. we need your information to provide you with our services.  for example, we may need to process your information to respond to your inquiries or requests.
compliance with a legal obligation. we have a legal obligation to use your information.  for example, we may process your information to comply with tax, labor and accounting obligations.
legitimate interests. we or a third party have a legitimate interest in using your information.  specifically, we have a legitimate interest in using your information for product development and internal analytics purposes, and otherwise to improve the safety, security, and performance of our services.  we only rely on our or a third party’s legitimate interests to process your information when these interests are not overridden by your rights and interests.
how we share information
redaptive may share your information, for example:
with service providers, business partners, and vendors: we may retain other companies and individuals to perform services for us, and we may collaborate with other companies and individuals with respect to particular products or services (collectively, “providers”). in doing so, we may share information with these providers and/or these providers may collect and process your information. examples of providers include data analysis firms (e.g. google analytics), customer service and support providers, and internet service companies.
with analytics partners. we use analytics services such as google analytics to collect and process certain analytics data. these services may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources. you can learn about google’s practices by going to https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ and opt out of them by downloading the google analytics opt-out browser add-on, available at https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
with advertising partners. we work with third-party advertising partners to show you ads that we think may interest you. these advertising partners may set and access their own cookies, pixel tags, and similar technologies on our services and they may otherwise collect or have access to information about you which they may collect over time and across different online services. some of our advertising partners are members of the network advertising initiative (http://optout.networkadvertising.org/?c=1#!/) or the digital advertising alliance (http://optout.aboutads.info/?c=2&lang=en). if you do not wish to receive personalized ads, please visit their opt-out pages to learn about how you may opt out of receiving web-based personalized ads from member companies. you can access any settings offered by your mobile operating system to limit ad tracking, or you can install the appchoices mobile app to learn more about how you may opt out of personalized ads in mobile apps.
to comply with law or to protect our rights: we may access, preserve, and disclose your information if we believe doing so is required or appropriate to: (a) comply with law enforcement requests and legal process, such as a court order or subpoena; (b) respond to your requests; or (c) protect your, our, or others’ rights, property, or safety. for the avoidance of doubt, the disclosure of your information may occur if you post any objectionable content on or through the services.
to members of the corporate family: redaptive may disclose your information to our subsidiaries and affiliates, and their agents and employees, for any of the purposes described in this privacy policy.
in connection with business transfers: we may disclose and transfer your information to service providers, advisors, potential transactional partners, or other third parties in connection with the consideration, negotiation, or completion of a corporate transaction in which we are acquired by or merged with another company, or we sell, liquidate, or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets.
with your consent. we may also disclose information from or about you or your devices with your consent.
your choices
marketing communications. you can unsubscribe from our promotional emails via the link provided in the emails. even if you opt out of receiving promotional messages from us, you will continue to receive administrative messages from us.
your european privacy rights.  if you are located in the eea or the uk, you have additional rights described below.
you may request access to the information we maintain about you, update and correct inaccuracies in your information, restrict or object to the processing of your information, have your information anonymized or deleted, as appropriate, or exercise your right to data portability to easily transfer your information to another company. in addition, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, including in your country of residence, place of work or where an incident took place.
you may withdraw any consent you previously provided to us regarding the processing of your information at any time and free of charge. we will apply your preferences going forward and this will not affect the lawfulness of the processing before you withdrew your consent.
you may exercise these rights by contacting us using the contact details at the end of this policy.  before fulfilling your request, we may ask you to provide reasonable information to verify your identity.  please note that there are exceptions and limitations to each of these rights, and that while any changes you make will be reflected in active user databases instantly or within a reasonable period of time, we may retain information for backups, archiving, prevention of fraud and abuse, analytics, satisfaction of legal obligations, or where we otherwise reasonably believe that we have a legitimate reason to do so.
how to block cookies.  you can block cookies by setting your internet browser to block some or all cookies.  however, if you use your browser settings to block all cookies (including essential cookies) you may not be able to access all or parts of our services.  by using our services, you consent to our use of cookies and our processing of information collected through such cookies, in accordance with this policy.  you can withdraw your consent at any time by deleting placed cookies and disabling cookies in your browser, or as explained below.  you can change your browser settings to block or notify you when you receive a cookie, delete cookies or browse our services using your browser’s anonymous usage setting.  please refer to your browser instructions or help screen to learn more about how to adjust or modify your browser settings.  if you do not agree to our use of cookies or similar technologies which store information on your device, you should change your browser settings accordingly.  you should understand that some features of our services may not function properly if you do not accept cookies or these technologies.  where required by applicable law, you will be asked to consent to certain cookies and similar technologies before we use or install them on your computer or other device.
security
we make reasonable efforts to protect your information by using physical and electronic safeguards designed to improve the security of the information we maintain. however, as our services are hosted electronically, we can make no guarantees as to the security or privacy of your information.
cookies & other tools
in addition to information you may provide directly to us, redaptive and its business partners may automatically collect and store information about you and your use of the services through cookies, tracking pixels, and other technologies (collectively, “tools”). cookies are small text files that are stored by your browser on your computer’s hard drive. we may use both session cookies and persistent cookies. a session cookie disappears after you close your browser. a persistent cookie remains after you close your browser and may be used by your browser on subsequent visits to our services.
below is an overview of the types of cookies we and third parties may use to collect information.
strictly necessary cookies.  some cookies are strictly necessary to make our services available to you.  we cannot provide you with our services without this type of cookies.  we use the following necessary cookies:
name
expiration
content
purpose
cookieconsent
one year
redaptive.com-script tag
stores the user’s cookie consent state for the current domain
rc::a
persistent
recaptcha
this cookie used to distinguish between humans and bots.
rc:cc
session
recaptcha
this cookie is used to distinguish between humans and bots.
analytical or performance cookies.  we also use cookies for website analytics purposes in order to operate, maintain and improve our services.  we may use our own analytics cookies or use third-party analytics providers such as google and hubspot. these providers may also collect information about your use of other websites, apps, and online resources.  we also use the following analytical or performance cookies:
name
expiration
content
purpose
_ga
one day
google analytics
registers a unique id that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
_gat
one year
google tag manager
used by google analytics to throttle request rate.
hubspotutk, __hssc, __hssrc, __hstc
13 months
hubspot
these cookies are used to store information about how visitors use our site and to gather requests from forms on our website. we use the information to compile reports and to help us improve our site. the cookies also help us to customize our marketing efforts through various media and formats.
_gid
one day
google analytics
registers a unique id that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website.
please review your web browser’s “help” file to learn the proper way to modify your cookie settings. please note that if you delete or choose not to accept cookies from the services, you may not be able to utilize the features of the services to their fullest potential.
do not track disclosures
do not track (“dnt”) is a privacy preference that users can set in their web browsers. when a user turns on dnt, the browser sends a message to websites requesting that they don’t track the user. currently, there is no standardized way to respond to such signals, and we do not respond to such signals at this time. for information about dnt, visit www.allaboutdnt.org.
other websites
our services may contain links to websites of third parties who: (1) are not affiliated with us; (2) are outside our control; or (3) are not covered by this policy (“third-party websites”). links provided to third-party websites on our services are provided to you only as a convenience, and the inclusion of any link does not imply reliability or endorsement by us of the content of any such third-party websites. we are not responsible for the privacy practices of third-party websites, which may collect and use information from you in a manner different than how we do so; accordingly, the use of such third-party websites is entirely at your own risk. for relevant information, you should review the privacy statements or policies of any third-party websites before using them. other parties may collect information about your online activities over time and across different websites when you use our services.
retention
we take measures to delete your information or keep it in a form that does not permit identifying you when this information is no longer necessary for the purposes for which we process it, unless we are required by law to keep this information for a longer period.  when we process information for our own purposes, we determine the retention period taking into account various criteria, such as the type of services provided to you, the nature and length of our relationship with you, possible re-enrollment with our services, the impact on the services we provide to you if we delete some information from or about you, and mandatory retention periods provided by law and the statute of limitations.
international visitors
our services are hosted in the united states and intended for visitors located within the united states. if you choose to use the services from the european union or other regions of the world with laws governing data collection and use that may differ from united states law, then please note that you are transferring your information outside of those regions to the united states for storage and processing. we may transfer information from the eea or the uk to the u.s. and other third countries based on european commission-approved standard contractual clauses, or otherwise in accordance with applicable data protection laws.  also, we may transfer your data from the united states to other countries or regions in connection with storage and processing of data, fulfilling your requests, and operating the services. by providing any information, including information, on or to the services, you consent to such transfer, storage, and processing.
changes to this policy
we will post any adjustments to the privacy policy on this page, and the revised version will be effective when it is posted. if we materially change the ways in which we use or share information previously collected from you through the services, we will notify you through the services, by email, or other communication.
contact us
if you have questions or concerns about this policy or our privacy practices, please contact us at:
340 brannan streetsuite 400san francisco, ca 94107legal@redaptiveinc.com
main office: (415) 413-0445
california resident privacy notice
ccpa employee and applicant privacy notice
privacy policy
terms of use
about us                  leadershipcustomersnewsroom
leadership
customers
newsroom
events                  resourcescareerscontact us
resources
careers
contact us
