riot games® privacy notice
last modified: april 28, 2021
welcome to riot games! our privacy notice explains what info riot games collects when you visit or use the riot services, as well as ways we might use or share it. we’re only describing our own practices—this notice doesn’t apply to third parties we don’t own or control, including other companies you might interact with on or through the riot services (see third-party websites and services).
riot games, inc. is headquartered in los angeles. riot games, inc. and its subsidiaries are part of a global group of affiliated gaming companies with offices and operations around the world (see international data processing). when we say “riot games” (or similar things like “we” or “us”), we’re referring to the riot games entity or, where applicable, entities that control and are responsible for your info (see contact us to see who that is).
when we say “riot services,” we mean any games, websites, applications, and services that link to this notice, regardless of how you access or use them or engage with us, including through mobile devices or offline such as by phone. your use of the riot services is also subject to the terms of service in your region (including its provisions regarding limitations on damages, resolution of disputes, and application of governing law). please read this entire notice to make sure you understand it. you should also read the terms of service carefully, and make sure you understand and agree to them before using the riot services.
we encourage you to use the notice’s interactive features to guide you. we’ve written summaries to identify the key issues discussed in many sections at a glance. however, these summaries are intended solely to simplify things and the full notice should be read as it takes priority in the event of any ambiguity or conflicts (so be sure to read the whole thing carefully!). click on the “expand” links for further details about particular topics that interest you. to zip between sections, use the “back to top” links and the table of contents below.
if you don’t understand any parts of the notice, contact us with questions.
please follow the applicable link for additional important info if you live in the russian federation or turkey.
table of contents
i. info we collectinfo you provideinfo we collect automaticallyinfo we collect from third parties
info you provide
info we collect automatically
info we collect from third parties
ii. how we collect infocookies & related technologiesanalytics & interest-based adsfacebook fan pages
cookies & related technologies
analytics & interest-based ads
facebook fan pages
iii. how we use and share infolegal basesusing infosharing infocommunication & player behavioranti-cheat & fraud prevention
legal bases
using info
sharing info
communication & player behavior
anti-cheat & fraud prevention
iv. third-party websites and services
v. international data processing
vi. your rights, choices and controls
vii. security
viii. updates and revisions
ix. contact us
"expand all |  collapse all”
i. info we collect
summary: we collect info in three main ways:
you provide some of it directly (such as by registering for an account).
we record some of it automatically (including with technologies like cookies).
we receive some of it from third parties (like social media companies).
the particular kinds of info we gather usually depend on how you interact with us, like which riot services you use and how you do so.
a. info you provide
summary: we collect info you choose to provide or give to us in any manner. you don’t have to share info when we ask you for it, but if you decline, you might not be able to access certain riot services or take advantage of their full functionality.
expand
we collect info you enter or otherwise provide on the riot services, including:
your email address, date of birth, in-game name (e.g. riot id), and similar contact info (like when you register for an account);
your username, password, and other details that help us secure and provide access to the riot services (like when you login to our games or websites);
your name, billing address, telephone number, payment method, and other details we collect to help process purchases you make (like when you buy riot points or shop at our merch store);
your support-related info, including the nature of your concern and your account or order details (like when you request help from us, such as by submitting a player support ticket);
your preferences, interests, and general demographic info (such as your hobbies, favorite games, or other info you share, like when you respond to a survey);
info you share with us in connection with contests or promotions (like to submit an entry, prove your eligibility, or claim a prize if you win);
your riot games account info (like your preferred game settings, key bindings, friends list, and mastery and rune pages); and
info you decide to give us (which may include info about your health and other “sensitive” info) so that we can better make the riot services accessible to you by accommodating specific needs you may have, such as being deaf, hard of hearing, blind or visually impaired.
the riot services also offer social features like voice and text chat. when you use these features, the info you share may be seen or overheard by others. we may collect and use the info you provide, including to enforce our terms of service (such as described in anti-cheat & fraud prevention and communication & player behavior below), and in some cases it may also be collected or used by others without your knowledge (for example, if you’re chatting with another player while they stream a match).
when you play multiplayer games like league of legends, note that some info will be publicly accessible to others, such as your game statistics and performance. we may record gameplay and related info (such as your in-game name, build order, and in-game actions), and replay or otherwise make it available to other players without further notice to you. for example, players can watch each other play league of legends using spectator mode, and we may use gameplay footage to help promote or improve the riot services.
if you disclose any information relating to other people to us or to our service providers in connection with the riot services, you represent that you have the authority to do so and to permit us to use the information in accordance with this privacy notice.
collapse
send to top
b. info we collect automatically
summary: we automatically collect some info about how you interact with and navigate the riot services, as well as the device and software you use to do so.
expand
common examples include info regarding:
your use of the riot services (such as timestamps, clicks, scrolling, browsing times, browsing heatmaps, searches, referral/exit pages, and activity and interactions in our game clients, including chat logs);
your computer or device (such as ip addresses, unique device ids, processing capabilities, manufacturer and model, language and other regional settings, geographic location, and screen resolution and similar settings);
your connection to the riot services, including details about the network and software you’re using (such as browser type and version, operating system name and version, isp, and your preference settings); and
how the riot services perform, including problems you may encounter (such as loading errors and response times).
we may use technologies like cookies, scripts, and our own servers to help us collect and store this info, including in log files (see how we collect info).
collapse
send to top
c. info we collect from third parties
summary: sometimes we obtain info from third parties to use along with the info we collect. for example, if you link your facebook account with your riot games account, facebook may share info with us in accordance with facebook’s privacy notice and your privacy settings on it. facebook also shares info with us about your use of our official riot games and game-specific fan pages on facebook. we also, for example, gather advertising and analytics info from third parties to help support our marketing initiatives, improve the riot services, and better manage our ad campaigns.
expand
we may collect info from third parties to supplement the info you provide and the info we collect automatically for our legitimate purposes. for example:
we obtain info from third parties if you use their services in connection with the riot services (such as linking your facebook account with the riot services via the add friends feature). your privacy settings on the third party’s service control what info they can share with us—it can include info like your name, profile picture, gender, age range, username, language, country, your friends and other info you have made available on the platform. please make sure you’re comfortable with what they might share by reviewing their posted policies, and if applicable, modifying your privacy settings directly on their service.
we gather advertising and analytics info from third parties to help support our marketing initiatives, improve the riot services, and better manage our ad campaigns (like by displaying more personalized ads and measuring how effective they are). to learn more about these companies, see analytics & interest-based ads.
we collect info from third parties to help us identify from where you’re using the riot services (like your approximate location based on your ip address). this helps us, for example, process purchases (like assessing tax obligations), prevent fraud or abuse of the riot services (such as identifying suspicious transactions or activity), and customize your visit (like displaying the riot services in your local language).
we’ll also receive info from third-party platforms (like the apple app store or google play) if you download the riot services (such as the league+ app) on your mobile device. this might include, for example, technical details (like device ids) and the fact that you’ve downloaded one of our apps.
facebook provides us with info about your use of our fan pages on facebook. to learn more about this, see facebook fan pages.
collapse
send to top
ii. how we collect info
summary: in addition to info you provide, we and our partners automatically record some info about how you use and navigate the riot services. we may combine this info with other info we gather from or about you as described in this notice, including to enforce our terms of service and for analytics and advertising purposes.
a. cookies & related technologies
summary: we use our own servers and technologies like cookies to automatically collect and store info about how you interact with the riot services, as well as the device you use to do so.
expand
“cookies” are small pieces of data that online services you use place on your device for record-keeping and identification purposes. “web beacons” are transparent pixel images that allow online services to collect info about the ways you interact with them (like whether you’ve opened an email or clicked on an ad). similar common technologies include things like tags, scripts, local shared objects, local storage (e.g., html5), and related tools.
the riot services use cookies, web beacons, and similar technologies to automatically collect, store, and read files on your device. they may be delivered in a first-party (i.e., by riot games) or third-party (i.e., by other companies) context. these tools help the riot services work and operate more efficiently, as well as capture info about how you interact with us (see info we collect).
we also use our servers in connection with these technologies to collect info about the ways you interact with the riot services and store it in log files. this may include, for example, info that your device, browser, or operating system sends to us when you access the riot services (like device ids, ip addresses, and hardware or software specifications) and details about how you use your riot games account (like the particular features you use, your in-game interactions and statistics, and other similar info).
we use info gathered through our servers and technologies like cookies for several reasons based on riot games’, third parties’ or players’ legitimate interest, including:
to monitor, secure, and maintain the riot services (like preventing fraud);
to enhance your browsing experience (such as allowing you to log-in to your account);
to analyze and improve our operations (like aggregating traffic and usage patterns);
to control the display of ads (including providing you with targeted offers);
to support and gauge the effectiveness of our communications and marketing campaigns (like letting us know if you’ve clicked on our ads or opened our emails);
to better personalize your visit and store your preferences and settings (for example, displaying content in your local language); and
to otherwise manage our relationship with players and provide the riot services under the terms of service (including to improve our services and ensure a more positive and fair gaming environment, such as described in anti-cheat & fraud prevention and communication & player behavior below).
you can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, including details of how to manage or disable them, by reading our cookies policy, and by visiting aboutcookies.org or consulting your browser’s privacy features. some ways of managing traditional cookies may not impact the use of other technologies, but certain browsers may offer their own tools for removing html5. we do not currently respond to browser do-not-track signals.
please note that disabling technologies like cookies may prevent you from using the full functionality of the riot services and the riot services may not work as we intended.
collapse
send to top
b. analytics & interest-based ads
summary: we partner with third parties (like content providers, analytics companies, and advertising networks) to help us improve the riot services and better understand how you interact with them, as well as support our marketing initiatives. these companies may collect info from you automatically in connection with your visit.
expand
in addition to the technologies we place, other companies may set their own cookies or similar tools when you visit the riot services. this includes vendors we’ve engaged to provide services on our behalf (like website analytics), as well as third parties that deliver content (like videos from youtube) or offers (like ads from ad networks) contained on the riot services. we may receive reports based on our partners’ use of these tools on an individual or aggregate basis.
for example, we use third-party analytics providers (like google analytics) to help evaluate and report on use of the riot services. we also partner with ad companies to support our marketing efforts, including by serving you ads better tailored to your likely interests (such as based on your browsing activity on the riot services and when visiting other online services). these companies may set and read their own cookies and similar technologies to gather info about your online activities across websites and services.
some analytics providers and ad companies offer you choices about how they collect and use info directly on their websites. to learn more about opting out of google analytics, check out the google analytics opt-out browser add-on. for a representative list of third-party advertising and analytics partners that operate on the riot services, as well as information about how to opt out to the extent applicable, see cookies & related technologies. you may also be able to opt out in some cases by visiting youradchoices.com or optout.networkadvertising.org, or if you’re located in the eu or canada, youronlinechoices.eu or youradchoices.ca respectively. you can learn more about cookies and similar technologies, including details of how to manage or disable them, by reading our cookies policy.
please note that opting out of interest-based advertising won’t necessarily prevent info from being collected automatically on the riot services, and it doesn’t mean you’ll receive fewer ads or stop them from being displayed. instead, the ads you do receive won’t be interest-based any longer and therefore might be less relevant to your interests.
collapse
send to top
c. facebook fan pages
summary: riot games has official facebook fan pages. these include official riot games and game-specific fan pages. facebook collects data from these pages according to its privacy policy and provides statistics and insights to riot games to help us understand the types of actions people take on our fan pages (“insights data”). facebook ireland limited (“facebook ireland”) and riot games are joint controllers for the collection of insights data.
expand
you can find out more about how facebook collects insights data and what info it shares with us by visiting information about page insights data. the insights data we receive from facebook on our fan pages extend to our reach and engagement with our players, the elements of the riot services people think work or don’t work and statistics and demographics on who views or posts on our pages such as their age, gender, or location. you can also see the essence of our arrangement with facebook in terms of how we have allocated data protection responsibilities between us regarding insights data by visiting information about page insights.
facebook ireland has agreed to take primary responsibility for the processing of insights data. therefore, if you have any queries or concerns with how your insights data is being processed through a riot games facebook fan page, it’s best to contact facebook ireland in the first instance. however, you can exercise your data protection rights regarding insights data in respect of and against either of us.
collapse
send to top
iii. how we use and share info
summary: we use and share your info in accordance with the legal bases set out below to help us provide, operate, improve, understand, customize, support and market the riot services.
a. legal basis
summary: we use and share your info (i) to provide the services under the terms of service, (ii) with your consent, (iii) in our or others’ legitimate interests (such as safety, security, and providing a tailored service), and (iv) for other legal reasons.
expand
we rely on a number of legal bases to collect, use, share, and otherwise process the info we have about you for the purposes described in this notice. these legal bases include:
as is necessary to perform the terms of service and to provide the riot services;
where you have consented to the processing, which you may revoke at any time;
for riot games to comply with a legal obligation, a court order, or to exercise and defend legal claims;
occasionally to protect your vital interests, or those of others;
where necessary in the public interest; and
where necessary for the purposes of riot games’ or a third party’s legitimate interests, such as those of visitors, users or partners.
to find out which specific legal bases we rely upon to use info about you for a particular purpose, go to using info and sharing your info.
collapse
send to top
b. using info
summary: we use the info we collect (both individually and in combination with other info collected under this notice) to help us operate our business, provide and improve our products and services, communicate with you, and advertise effectively. the particular ways we use your info often depend on how you choose to use the riot services.
expand
some of the most common examples of how we use info include:
to provide the riot services to you, respond to inquiries, fulfill requests, and process transactions (like helping you create an account, find a match, and resolve player support issues). we engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you and, where relevant, to comply with a legal obligation (e.g. related to payment transactions) or based upon our legitimate interest in doing so (such as to provide the riot services to children below the age of legal capacity to enter a contract);
to better make the riot services accessible to you by accommodating specific needs you may have such as visual or hearing impairment by using text to voice or voice to text functionality. we only do this with your consent when you give us info about you for this specific purpose. you can withdraw that consent at any time;
to deliver and tailor our communications with you, like by sending you important account-related announcements or promotional communications that we believe may interest you (for details about managing your communication options, check out your rights, choices, and controls below). we engage in these activities with your consent, where we have a legitimate interest (e.g. to promote the riot services and keep you interested in them through personalized messages) or, in the case of account-related announcements, to perform our contract with you;
to administer surveys, contests, sweepstakes, and similar offerings (such as confirming your eligibility or sending you a prize if you win). we engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, or for our legitimate interest (e.g. to promote the riot services and keep you interested in them);
to monitor, analyze, protect, test, and improve our services and operations (like measuring how the riot services perform, tracking usage patterns, and fixing bugs or errors). we engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation (e.g. to keep the riot services secure), and/or because we have a legitimate interest (e.g. understanding how the riot services are used, keeping them secure, improving them, and developing new products);
to research and better understand the riot services and how they’re used (including by collaborating with third parties like universities). we engage in these activities with your consent and/or because we have a legitimate interest (e.g. understanding how the riot services are used, keeping them secure, improving them, developing new products, and understanding the impact and reach of the riot services);
to promote products and services and measure the effectiveness of those campaigns. we engage in these activities with your consent or for our and our partners’ legitimate interest (marketing our and others’ products and services and understanding the effectiveness of our marketing campaigns);
to personalize your experience with the riot services, including by presenting content or features better tailored to your interests (see analytics & interest-based ads). we engage in these activities with your consent or where we have a legitimate interest (e.g. improving our riot services by making them more personalized);
to improve and provide updates for the riot services (like patching our games and releasing new features). we engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest (e.g. understanding how the riot services are used, keeping them secure, improving them, developing new products, and understanding the impact and reach of the riot services);
to operate and expand our business. we engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation, and/or because we have a legitimate interest in operating and expanding our business; and
to facilitate use of or integration with the riot services, social sharing, and related functionality (such as supporting chat features). we engage in these activities with your consent or where we have a legitimate interest (e.g. increasing customer engagement with our products and the riot services).
we may also use, disclose, and preserve info as necessary or appropriate, including when necessary for a legal obligation or legitimate or public interest or to protect the vital interest of you or someone else, such as to:
comply with applicable law or respond to legal process (like requests from law enforcement or other public or government authorities);
securely operate the riot services (like stopping attacks on our systems);
protect players and third parties (such as to help prevent serious injury, abuse, or crime); and
protect our own rights, property, and operations (like enforcing our contracts and terms—including the terms of service—and pursuing available remedies or limiting the damages we may sustain).
collapse
send to top
c. sharing info
summary: we don’t share your contact info (such as your email or home address) with independent third parties without your knowledge except as described in this notice (like to enforce the terms of service, secure the riot services, or if we’re required to do so by law or respond to legal process). we don’t sell your information to independent third parties. we do share non-contact info (like your summoner name, match history, game stats, and other aggregate or anonymous info), including publicly via the riot games api.
if we ever stop providing riot services or certain parts of them (like if we’re bought out or invaded by yordles), we may share your info with the buyer. lastly, remember the stuff you share in social features (like voice and text chat) is public—please be careful about how you use them and if you’re sensitive about any info, don’t share it on voice or text chat!
expand
we share the info we collect with riot games-controlled subsidiaries and affiliates that provide services to us so we can more seamlessly operate, support, and improve the riot services (such as to facilitate account transfers and provide player support in your local language). since we’re a global company, this means your info may be transferred to or stored in locations outside your country of residence (see international data processing). to learn more about the riot games entity or, where applicable, entities that control and are responsible for your info, see contact us below.
we also share info with service providers that operate on our behalf for the purposes discussed in this notice (see using info). for example, when you buy something on the riot services, we’ll share your payment-related info with entities we’ve engaged to process payments and provide similar financial services (like fraud prevention). other common examples include partners that help us store data, send marketing emails, and provide player support services, assist with research and analysis of our services (like research institutions or universities), and third-party social media platforms or apps we permit to link to our products or riot services. we may also transfer your info in some cases to our professional advisers (who are sometimes independent “data controllers”) such as lawyers and accountants (e.g. when enforcing our contract with you).
if you share info publicly through interactive features we control, such as voice and text chat, you should understand that this info becomes viewable and/or accessible to others. we reserve the right (but have no obligation) to monitor and record your use of them, including for purposes like enforcing our terms of service and applicable player behavior requirements (see communication & player behavior and anti-cheat & fraud prevention.
we may disclose player info in the event of any reorganization, merger, sale, joint venture, assignment, transfer, or other disposition of all or any portion of our business, assets, or stock (including in connection with any bankruptcy or similar proceedings). this means your info may be one of the assets transferred to the acquiring entity in such situations, according to riot games’ legitimate interest in engaging in such transactions and operating and expanding our business.
please note that your in-game name (e.g. summoner name or riot id) and gameplay statistics (like your match history, item builds, and average number of kills and deaths) are viewable to others and may be shared in-game and out-of-game with players and other third parties. this includes info we share with the league of legends developer community via the riot games api so they can help contribute to the player experience.
we may also use, disclose, and preserve info to:
comply with applicable law or respond to legal process (like requests from law enforcement or other public or government authorities), including based upon our legitimate interest in doing so;
securely operate the riot services (like stopping attacks on our systems), based on riot games’, players’ and third parties’ legitimate interest in the riot services being a safe and secure environment;
protect players and third parties (such as to help prevent serious injury, abuse, or crime), based on riot games’, players’ and third parties’ legitimate interest in the riot services being a safe and secure environment; and
protect our own rights, property, and operations (like enforcing our contracts and terms—including the terms of service—and pursuing available remedies or limiting the damages we may sustain), based on riot games’ legitimate interest in protecting and preserving such and enforcing its legal rights.
collapse
send to top
d. communication & player behavior
we’ve empowered our players to help enforce our policies (e.g.the acceptable use and behavioral policies that we publish from time to time on our websites, apps and games) related to certain in-game behavior. for example, players may report each other and submit information about their in-game activity and actions to help us determine if the reported behavior constituted a violation of rules and procedures that apply to player conduct, as well as any potential repercussions (such as temporary or permanent account suspensions or chat restrictions).
we also record and store, and reserve the right (but have no obligation) to monitor voice and text chat and similar details about optional interactions for a period we determine is appropriate to help us, among other things, address disruptive behavior, improve our services, enforce our rules and policies and terms of service, and foster a more positive gaming community for our players. we engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, comply with a legal obligation (e.g. to keep the riot services safe and secure), and/or because we have a legitimate interest (e.g. understanding how the riot services are used, keeping them secure, and improving them).
we use both manual (like enabling you to report such behavior through player support tickets) and automated (such as machine learning, transcription, and analysis) tools and techniques to support these efforts.
to enable us to monitor compliance with our policies, we develop template patterns of inappropriate behavior (e.g. abuse, hate speech, cheating, threats, offensive or inappropriate names), which we consider indicative of prohibited behaviors. we do this based upon an analysis of actual behaviors on the riot services. we grade these patterns of inappropriate behavior based upon their severity with different consequences (e.g. temporary or permanent account restrictions or communications restrictions) for players based upon how serious their conduct is. if another player makes a complaint about your behavior, our automated tools use these patterns of inappropriate behavior and grading system to compare your behavior over time with these patterns of inappropriate behavior and, if you have engaged in inappropriate behavior, make a decision as to the consequences for you of your behavior. this primarily helps us enforce our rules and policies, secure the riot services, detect and prevent unauthorized activity, and maintain the competitive integrity of our games.
our complaints procedure may allow you to appeal a decision. in this case, we may provide you with information that illustrates our rationale and factors that contributed to our decision, along with some tips on how to avoid repeating such behavior in the future. if you still wish to appeal, you may request one of our agents to review your case who will make a final manual determination as to the correct outcome based on the available evidence.
please be kind to other players, observe our policies related to player behavior (including our terms of service), and always be thoughtful about how you communicate with others!
e. anti-cheat & fraud prevention
we always seek to offer players a fair, fun, and competitive gaming experience on the riot services. our terms of service strictly prohibit use of unauthorized third-party programs that interact with the riot services, including mods, hacks, cheats, scripts, bots, trainers, and automation programs. when you create or use a riot games account, purchase things from us, play our games, or otherwise interact with the riot services, we may use anti-cheat and fraud prevention technologies (such as anti-cheat software that may run in the background of your device), that may make automated decisions (such as temporary or permanent account suspensions, communications restrictions, removal of content, or limited access to game content) based on the info we collect from or about you (see info we collect). we engage in these activities to manage our contractual relationship with you, to comply with a legal obligation (e.g. to keep the riot services secure), and/or because we have a legitimate interest (e.g. understanding how the riot services are used, keeping them secure, and improving them).
to enable us to monitor compliance with our anti-cheat and fraud prevention policies, we develop template patterns of inappropriate behavior (e.g. cheating, fraud), which we consider indicative of prohibited behaviors. we do this based upon an analysis of actual behaviors on the riot services. we grade these patterns of inappropriate behavior based upon their severity with different consequences (e.g. temporary or permanent account restrictions, communications restrictions, removal of content, or limited access to game content) for players based upon how serious their conduct is. our automated tools use these patterns of inappropriate behavior and grading system to compare your behavior over time with these patterns of inappropriate behavior and, if you have engaged in inappropriate behavior, make a decision as to the consequences for you of your behavior. this primarily helps us enforce our rules and policies, secure the riot services, detect and prevent unauthorized activity, and maintain the competitive integrity of our games.
our complaints procedure may allow you to appeal a decision. in this case, you may request one of our agents to review your case who will make a final manual determination as to the correct outcome based on the available evidence.
send to top
iv. third-party websites and services
summary: we allow interactions with third parties to make your experience better, but our notice doesn’t and can’t apply to entities we don’t own, control, or instruct. we’re unable to guarantee that independent third parties adhere to the same practices as us, so please be sure to read their policies and terms before sharing info with them.
expand
there are several ways you might share info with third-party websites or services in connection with your visit, including:
external links. if you click on links to external websites or services that are operated by third parties, they may collect, use, and share your info pursuant to their own policies (not ours). including a link to or from third-party services doesn’t mean we’ve endorsed their practices.
account integrations. the riot services use interfaces that allow you to interact with third-party websites, applications, or similar services during your visit, including on or through your riot games account or an account you’ve created with such third parties. for example, we partner with social media companies to provide features that facilitate social sharing and connections (such as the facebook “like” button and other widgets). these features may collect info about your interactions with them and the riot services, and may use technologies like cookies to function properly. how third-party companies like facebook process and control your personal info they collect directly from you is controlled by their own privacy policies.
cookies & related technologies. the riot services contain cookies, web beacons, and other common technologies that help us collect and analyze info in connection with your visit (see info we collect automatically). third parties (like analytics providers or ad networks) may set and read their own tracking technologies on the riot services. if they do, they’re responsible for using these tools as described in their respective privacy policies. for a representative list of third-party advertising and analytics partners that operate on the riot services, as well as information about how to opt out (or opt in if you are in the eu) to the extent applicable, see cookies & related technologies.
our facebook fan pages. riot games has official facebook fan pages. these include official riot games and game-specific fan pages. facebook collects data from these pages according to its privacy policy and provides statistics and insights to riot games to help us understand the types of actions people take on our fan pages. learn more about this in facebook fan pages.
please remember to contact third parties directly (and not riot games) if you have any questions or concerns about their practices.
collapse
send to top
v. international data processing
summary: we’re a global gaming company with operations around the world. when you use the riot services, your info may be processed anywhere we or our partners do business, including the united states, providing that adequate technical and organizational measures are in place to ensure the security of your personal information.
expand
(1) operating the riot services. depending on your location, the riot services are operated by or on behalf of riot games from:
in the case of riot games, inc. and riot games merchandise, inc., the united states;
in the case of riot games, llc, japan;
in the case of riot games services pte. ltd., singapore; and
in the case of riot games ltd. and riot games ireland merchandise ltd., ireland.
for important details regarding which laws apply to your use of the riot services and any disputes with riot games, be sure to check out the terms of service. see contact us to see who is the riot games entity or entities which control and are responsible for your info.
(2) cross-border transfers and storage. we may process and store info we collect anywhere that we or our partners operate, including the u.s, turkey, romania, russia, south-east asia, south-america. these countries may not have the same general level of data protection as where you live. in certain circumstances, courts, law enforcement agencies, regulatory agencies or security authorities in those other countries may be entitled to access your personal info. we’ve nonetheless implemented and maintain a framework consistent with applicable law and this notice for transfers of info outside the country of collection, including, for example, through the use of standard contractual clauses when we transfer info outside of the european economic area and the uk (learn more about eu standard contractual clauses on the european commission website [ec.europa.eu/info/law/law-topic/data-protection/] and to request a copy of them contact us). we may also need to transfer your info to provide the riot services to you in accordance with the terms of service. by using the riot services, you acknowledge that we may transfer your info to (and process it in) countries outside of your country of residence, each of which may have different privacy rules than your country.
(3) our privacy shield certification. riot games, inc. participates in and has certified its compliance with the eu-u.s. and swiss-u.s. privacy shield frameworks. riot games, inc. is committed to subjecting all player and user data received that is subject to data protection laws of european union (eu) member countries and switzerland, respectively, in reliance on each privacy shield framework, to the frameworks’ applicable principles. to learn more about the privacy shield frameworks, and to view our certification, visit the u.s. department of commerce’s privacy shield list [privacyshield.gov/list].
riot games, inc. is responsible for the processing of personal data it receives, under each privacy shield framework, and subsequently transfers to a third party acting as an agent on its behalf. riot games, inc. complies with the privacy shield principles for all onward transfers of personal data from the eu and switzerland including the onward transfer liability provisions.
with respect to personal data received or transferred pursuant to the privacy shield frameworks, riot games, inc. is subject to the regulatory enforcement powers of the u.s. federal trade commission. in certain situations, riot games may be required to disclose personal data in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements.
if you have an unresolved privacy or data use concern that we have not addressed satisfactorily, please contact our u.s.-based third party dispute resolution provider [feedback-form.truste.com/watchdog/request] (free of charge).
under certain conditions, more fully described on the privacy shield website [privacyshield.gov/article?id=how-to-submit-a-complaint], you may be entitled to invoke binding arbitration when other dispute resolution procedures have been exhausted.
collapse
send to top
vi. your rights, choices and controls
summary: you have rights and choices regarding your use of the riot services and the ways we process info. since you can interact with us in many different ways, the particular controls available to you often depend on the nature of our relationship.
expand
you can use many parts of the riot services without ever creating an account, purchasing our products or services, or otherwise submitting info like your name or email address to us. if you do choose to visit or use the riot services, we generally retain the related personal information as long as your account is active or as is otherwise necessary to provide the riot services, operate our business (including for legitimate purposes like complying with our legal obligations, managing internal books and records, preventing fraud, resolving disputes, and enforcing our contracts and terms, such as this notice and the terms of service) or to achieve the purposes set out in this notice, unless a longer retention period is permitted or required by law.
the precise periods for which we keep your personal information vary depending on the nature of the information, why we need it and relevant legal or operational retention needs. factors we consider in determining these periods include the minimum required retention period prescribed by law or recommended as best practice, the period during which a claim can be made with respect to a contract or other matter, whether the personal information has been aggregated or pseudonymized, and other relevant criteria. for example, the retention period applicable for your personal data needed to provide the riot service to you (such as accessing the games) is limited to your account life. when your account is deleted, riot will delete the relevant information for that purpose (providing the service to you) but will keep some personal information (summoner name or riot id, for instance) for other defined purposes such as security and fraud detection. as another example, communications logs/history data is retained at minimum for a period of time sufficient to allow any complaints to be filed after a match, and if such a complaint is filed, for a period of up to two years from their creation or a period of time sufficient to investigate the complaint. this is to enable riot to properly investigate infringements of our rules and policies such as fraud, cheating and disruptive behavior.
you can also limit the info you share with third parties, such as by choosing not to link your riot games account with third-party services (see third-party websites and services).
we offer players choices about the types of communications they receive from riot games. if you choose to receive marketing and promotional emails from us but later change your mind, simply “unsubscribe” by following the instructions in the relevant email. these choices don’t apply to mandatory communications that are part of the riot services, like important account-related notices.
the riot services also have many built-in tools to help players exercise control over their info directly. for example, you can generally mute or disable voice or text communication functionality and change other preferences from your account settings. if you need help with any of these options, be sure to contact us.
many internet browsers allow you to reject, manage, and delete cookies. you may also be able to manage other similar technologies, like html5, by changing your browser settings (see info we collect automatically).
if you don’t want to take advantage of the services that third-party analytics and advertising companies provide on the riot services, you may be able to opt out (or opt in if you are in the eu) of some of them by visiting youradchoices.com or optout.networkadvertising.org, or if you’re located in the eu or canada, youronlinechoices.eu or youradchoices.ca respectively. for a representative list of third-party advertising and analytics partners that operate on the riot services, as well as details about how to opt out (or opt in if you are in the eu) to the extent applicable, see cookies & related technologies.
if you’re concerned with the way we’re handling your info, or if you would like to request to access, correct, update, restrict or delete your personal info, object to or opt out of the processing of your personal info, withdraw your consent to our use of your info, or if you would like to request a copy of your personal info for purposes of transmitting it to another company (to the extent these rights are provided to you by applicable law), please contact us. your right to object includes where we process your info for direct marketing, for performing a task in the public interest or pursuing our legitimate interests or those of a third party. you can also learn more about how to request access to your account info, or about how to delete your account. you also have the right not to be discriminated against for exercising any of these rights.
if you withdraw your consent (including for marketing purposes), it does not affect the lawfulness of what we did up until that point.
before we process such requests, we may ask you to verify your identity (like by logging-in to your account or providing us with certain info to help us confirm ownership) and we may request payment where allowed by law. note that asking us to remove personal info or refrain from processing it may also result in account suspension or termination where this info is necessary to make riot services available to you (we normally tell you this at the point we collect the info), in which case you’ll no longer be able to access those riot services. we may also retain certain info associated with your account for purposes like complying with our legal obligations, managing internal books and records, preventing fraud, resolving disputes, and enforcing our contracts and terms, such as this notice and the terms of service.
if you’re in the eea/uk, you may lodge a complaint with an eu/uk/eea data protection authority for your country or region where an alleged infringement of applicable data protection law occurs. riot games lead supervisory authority under the gdpr is the irish data protection commission [dataprotection.ie].
if you’re in australia, please note that you generally have the right to deal with us anonymously or using a pseudonym (unless it’s not practicable for us to deal with you on this basis). also, please contact us if you would like to complain that we have breached the australian privacy principles or any applicable code.
collapse
send to top
vii. security
summary: we’re committed to securing player info and complying with our obligations towards applicable data protection laws, but can’t absolutely guarantee the security of any data we collect from you. by choosing to share info with us (or anybody else online these days), you’re acknowledging this risk.
expand
we use appropriate physical, technical, and organizational security safeguards to help protect your info from unauthorized access, destruction, use, modification, or disclosure both during transmission and in storage. for example, we use computer systems with limited access in controlled facilities to store info. we also use technologies like encryption and hashing to protect some of the info we collect.
however, please note that no server, communications network, or data transmission over the internet is 100% secure. the riot services are no exception. we can’t guarantee the security of any info transmitted through the riot services and make no assurances about our ability to prevent any such loss or misuse.
it’s up to you whether you’d like to share info with us; if you do, you’re acknowledging that you’re doing so with this risk.
collapse
send to top
viii. updates and revisions
summary: we’ll make changes to this policy over time to keep you better informed about how we handle player info.
expand
we’ll update our privacy notice from time to time to reflect changes in technology, law, our business operations, or any other reason we determine is necessary or appropriate. when we do make changes, we’ll update the “last modified” date at the top of the notice and post it to the riot services. if we make material changes to the notice or the ways we process player info, we’ll provide you additional notice as well (such as by prominently posting a notice of the changes on the riot services before they take effect or sending you a notification directly).
we encourage you to check back periodically to review this notice for any changes since your last visit. this will help ensure you better understand your relationship with riot games, including the ways we process your info.
collapse
send to top
ix. contact us
for game-related requests or concerns (e.g., trouble accessing your account, billing matters, skins or content availability, reporting bugs or similar technical issues, discussing a ban, deleting an account, reporting a player, etc.), please contact our player support team. you can also view our player support page for up to date info and troubleshooting guides.
if you have any questions or concerns about this notice or our privacy practices, please send them to our data protection officer via email at dpo@riotgames.com or via postal mail at the appropriate address listed below.
for our publishing operations:
if you live anywhere in north, central or south america (except brazil):
riot games, inc.attn: legal department12333 west olympic blvd.los angeles, ca 90064united states
if you live in japan:
riot games, llcattn: legal department
roppongi hills mori tower 34f6-10-1, roppongi, minato-ku,tokyo 106-6134japan
if you live in sea:
riot games services pte. ltd.attn: legal department51 bras basah rd, #05-01, s5008 & s5009,singapore 189554
if you live in the eea, uk or switzerland:
your info is jointly controlled by:
riot games ltd.attn: legal departmentpo box 11989dublin 2ireland
and
riot games, incattn: legal department12333 west olympic blvd.los angeles, ca 90064united states
riot games ltd is, as between it and riot games, inc. primarily responsible for your info (including for ensuring compliance with data protection law) and has the power to implement decisions regarding your info. it is your primary contact point, but you can exercise your data protection rights in respect of and against it or riot games, inc.
if you live anywhere else, including brazil:
riot games ltd.attn: legal departmentpo box 11989dublin 2ireland
for our merch store operations:
if you live in the united states, canada, brazil, hong kong, singapore, taiwan, australia, or new zealand:
riot games merchandise, inc.attn: legal department12333 west olympic blvd.los angeles, ca 90064united states
if you live in the eea, uk or switzerland:
your info is jointly controlled by:riot games ireland merchandise ltd.attn: legal departmentpo box 11989dublin 2ireland
and
riot games merchandise, inc.attn: legal department12333 west olympic blvd.los angeles, ca 90064united states
riot games ireland merchandise ltd is, as between it and riot games merchandise, inc. primarily responsible for your info (including for ensuring compliance with data protection law) and has the power to implement decisions regarding your info. it is your primary contact point, but you can exercise your data protection rights in respect of and against it or riot games merchandise, inc
if you live in turkey or russia:
riot games ireland merchandise ltd.attn: legal departmentpo box 11989dublin 2ireland
send to top
press
security
legal
leadership
candidate privacy
terms of service
privacy notice
player support
e-verify
accessibility
