markets
capabilities
success stories
careers
opc products
automationprocess automationbuilding automationdigital transformationdiscrete manufacturing automationtest automation
process automation
building automation
digital transformation
discrete manufacturing automationtest automation
test automation
aboutcontactlocationscompany historycultureleadership professional associationsplatformsaspentechavevaciscogeiconicskneatnational instrumentsosisoftvision acceleratorparsecrockwell automationschneider electricsiemensvtscada - trihedralinductive automationmicrosoftamazon web servicessewioatonix digital
contactlocations
locations
company history
culture
leadership
professional associations
platformsaspentechavevaciscogeiconicskneatnational instrumentsosisoftvision acceleratorparsecrockwell automationschneider electricsiemensvtscada - trihedralinductive automationmicrosoftamazon web servicessewioatonix digital
aspentech
aveva
cisco
ge
iconics
kneat
national instruments
osisoftvision accelerator
vision accelerator
parsec
rockwell automation
schneider electric
siemens
vtscada - trihedral
inductive automation
microsoft
amazon web services
sewio
atonix digital
search
privacy policy
home
privacy policy
privacy policy
this privacy policy statement (the "privacy statement") explains how the rovisys company (rovisys) collects, uses, stores, processes, discloses and deletes personal data (as defined herein) you provide directly to us or that we receive from hosting your client's data, as authorized by your client, without limitation that you provide to us via our website or through the act of hosting, accessed through any medium, including via computer, mobile device or other device (collectively "device").  this privacy statement also outlines your rights in respect to your personal data.
we are committed to protecting your privacy.  any information provided is securely stored with our business partners and other organizations and individuals with which we have established a strategic alliance or other contractual relationship.  the primary purpose of sharing information is to better the services provided by us.  information will also be used to improve our sales, marketing and business development efforts.
we may change this policy from time to time by updating this page.  you should check this page from time to time to ensure that you agree with any changes.  this policy is effective as of november 2019.
collection of information
if you access our website, we automatically collect and store the following:
the ip address;
the requested web page;
the domain from which you access the internet;
the date and time you accessed the site;
the items you viewed while accessing the site;
the status of the request;
the type and version of your web browser; and
the operating system you are using.
we may also collect the following:
name;
contact information including email address; and
other information about you, your device or use of our services that we will notify and request consent at the point of collection.
the above information is collectively referred to as your "personal data.”
use of information
we use the information collected to operate our business and provide you with offerings, which includes using this date to improve our offerings and personalize your experience.  we also may use the data:
to communicate with you;
to improve our service;
for record keeping purposes;
for research and analysis of the effectiveness of the website;
for marketing;
for our advertising and sales efforts;
to manage our everyday business needs;
to comply with legal obligations;
to enforce compliance with our terms of use policy and applicable law; and
to carry out other legitimate business purposes, as well as other lawful purposes about which we will notify you.
security
we are committed to ensuring the security of your personal data.  in order to prevent unauthorized access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.
sharing of information
the following provides information about entities with which we may share information.  our practices may vary depending on the type of information shared.
business partners. we may share information with business partners to provide you with services that you request.  when you choose a service outside of our control, the privacy practices of the provider control.  we are not responsible for the privacy practices of said entities.
service providers. we may share information with vendors providing contractual services to us.
other parties when required by law or as necessary to protect our users and services. we may share your personal information as we believe necessary or appropriate to protect, enforce or defend the legal rights, privacy, safety or property of the services, our employees or agents or users or to comply with the applicable law or legal process, including responding to requests from public and governmental authorities.
other parties in connection with a corporate transaction. we reserve the right to transfer any information we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets to a third party, such as in the event of a merger, acquisition or in connection with a bankruptcy reorganization.
with your consent or at your direction. in addition to the sharing described in this privacy statement, we may share information about you with third parties whenever you consent to or direct such sharing.  we may also share information in a manner that does not identify particular users, including, for example, aggregated data about how users are using our services.
embedded content and links to third-party sites and services. our services may embed content form, or link to, third-party websites and services, including social media platforms, that are outside of our control.  we are not responsible for the security or privacy of any information collected by other websites or other services.  this privacy statement does not govern third party content or services, and third parties may have their own privacy policies.
cookies
cookies are small files that are placed on your computer when you visit a website.  cookies may be used to store a unique identification number tied to your device so that you can be recognized as the same user across one of more browsing sessions, and across one or more sites.  they are typically used to:
store settings;
store information you provide on a website; and/or
measure how you use the website in order to optimize use.
we use cookies and does so for the uses stated above.  most browsers accept cookies automatically, but can be configured not to do so or notify the user when a cookie is being sent.  if you wish to disable cookies, refer to your browser help menu to learn how to disable cookies.  if you disable your browser cookies or flash cookies, it may interfere with the proper functioning of our site.
controlling your personal data
we respect your rights to control your own personal data.  in the event you would like your personal data deleted, please contact us with your request.
copyright
copyright © 2019 by the rovisys company, as an unpublished work. all rights reserved. no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form or by any means, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without prior written permission of the rovisys company.
all other trademarks, trade names, and service marks used herein are the property of their respective owners.

capabilities
markets
platforms
products
success stories
careers
about
news
contact
privacy policy
grandview login
© 2022 the rovisys company. all rights reserved.
