last revised december 2018.
we built this for you
saildrone’s vision is that by improving our understanding of the earth’s oceans, we gain critical environmental intelligence to better understand and advance weather and climate modeling, ocean science, sustainable fisheries management, and environmental monitoring.  in using saildrone’s consumer products, the user (“you”) is/are an integral part of realizing that vision.  we want to ensure that you are engaged in the experience and empowered to better understand the world and its oceans.
the details:
applicability of this policy
at saildrone, we understand the importance of privacy and we will always strive to protect your privacy and preserve the trust you place in us. we only collect and retain as much information, as is absolutely necessary for us to provide you with our saildrone’s consumer products (the “service”) provided by saildrone, inc. and any of our affiliates (collectively, “saildrone”), as described below, and whenever possible, we disassociate any personally identifiable information from the data we retain. we will only share user data with third parties if we are obligated to by law, or to the extent that it directly contributes to the service we provide (and with the proper precautions to protect your personal information).
this privacy policy explains our guidelines regarding the collection, use, disclosure, and transfer of certain information, including your personal information, by saildrone, inc. and its affiliates (“saildrone,” “we,” or “us’) through your use of the service, saildrone.com website, any websites (or subdomains) under the saildrone.com domain (the “websites”), as well as saildrone’s owned and operated ios, android, and applications on any other platforms (the “applications”), and you hereby accept and agree to our information practices described below.
this privacy policy applies to saildrone’s consumer products, including but not limited to the associated saildrone mobile and desktop applications, the websites, and the applications (collectively, the “services”) and other interactions (e.g., customer service inquiries, user conferences, etc.) you may have with saildrone. if you do not agree with the terms, do not access or use the services, websites or any other aspect of saildrone’s business.
this privacy policy does not apply to any third-party applications or software that integrate with the services through the saildrone platform (“third party services”), or any other third-party products, services, or businesses.
how we collect information
user-provided information
we collect information you provide to us, as part of our delivery of the service to you.  examples of information that you provide to saildrone may include, but not be limited to:
when you choose to register for a user account, you may be required to provide certain information about yourself:‍- your email address or your facebook id or google id- your first and last names, or alternatively, your full name- your birthdate, gender; home and work addresses- your profile photo url- your phone number
the location and other weather attributes you provide or select when requesting a forecast or other weather-related product or application
you choose to submit a comment or leave feedback
the contact information you provide when contacting us for support
automatically-collected information
additionally, saildrone may collect information regarding you and your interactions with us, your use of the service and/or services, as well as information regarding your computer,your mobile device, or other devices used to access the service. this information may include:
your activity on the service
the type of device you use, the ip address of your device, your operating system, and the details concerning the internet browsers you us
the saildrone website uses cookies to enable the service’s functionality and improve the ease of use and functionality of the service and/or any of the services. some of our third-party analytics’ providers may also use cookies.
how we use the information we collect
we use the information we collect to provide, analyze, administer, enhance, and personalize the service for you and others. for example, we may use the information we collect for purposes such as:
providing weather conditions and forecasts
improving our reporting of current conditions for you and other users
debugging errors in the service
improving the functionality of the service
we retain your information only as long as necessary to provide our services. specifically, we retain the following information:
all support related communications
any information necessary to render our services to you
how may disclose your information
we may disclose information in the following ways:
as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request; if saildrone is involved in a merger, acquisition, or sale of all or a portion of its assets;
to trusted third parties for use in weather research or to improve the service as described in the section below; and
to third party analytics companies, operating on our behalf, as described in the section below.
third party analytics
we may provide anonymous data to third party analytics companies to help us understand how the service is being used to help us make improvements.
trusted third parties
we may work with trusted third parties to conduct research or to improve, enhance, alter, or expand our services. these trusted third parties have agreed to abide by the terms of this privacy policy. any public disclosure of the work performed by these trusted third parties will be anonymized.
your choice to opt-out
you can stop all collection of information by the service and/or the services, by uninstalling the applications and ceasing all use of the websites. because we anonymize the majority of the data we collect, it is simply not possible to associate the information collected with a particular user and as such, we do not offer any means to delete previously collected information.you can opt-out of the collection of certain information as follows:
disable pressure data in the application settings menu to stop collection of pressure readings and associated location data; and
disable notifications in the application to stop the application from collecting your location data while the application is not active.
california do not track disclosures
some browsers can transmit a “do not track” signal or other similar mechanisms. unfortunately, there is not yet an adopted standard for how to respond to these signals. saildrone does not track its customers over time and across third party websites to provide targeted advertising and therefore does not respond to do not track (dnt) signals. however, some third-party sites do keep track of your browsing activities when they serve you content, which enables them to tailor what they present to you. if you are visiting such sites, safari, a feature that allows ios users the ability to limit targeting and tracking of web browsing behavior by various web services, allows you to set the dnt signal on your browser, so that third parties know you do not want to be tracked.  if you would like to learn how to set safari so that websites do not track you, go here:https://support.apple.com/en-us/ht202074#ios
third parties that have content embedded in the ios environment and websites such as a social feature or a stock ticker may set cookies on a user’s browser and/or obtain information about the fact that a web browser visited a specific ios website from a certain ip address. third parties cannot collect any other personally identifiable information from apple’s websites, unless you provide it to them directly.
notice for minors
saildrone adheres to the children’s online privacy protection act, but does not collect personal information from minors under the age of 16. saildrone offers interactive services which allow you to post content to share publicly or with friends.  at any time, you can delete or remove content you have posted using the deletion or removal options within our services.  if you have questions about how to remove content in a specific service or if you would like additional assistance with deletion, you can contact saildrone’s support team directly at privacysupport@saildrone.com
security
we are concerned about safeguarding the confidentiality of your information. we provide physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards to protect information we process and maintain. for example, we limit access to this information to authorized employees and contractors who need to know that information in order to operate, develop or improve the service. please be aware that, although we endeavor to provide reasonable security, no security system can prevent all potential security breaches.
this privacy policy is intended to cover collection of information from residents of the united states. if you are accessing the services from outside the united states, please be aware that your information may be transferred to, stored, and processed in the united states where our servers are located and our central database is operated. the data protection and other laws of the united states and other countries might not be as comprehensive as those in your country. please be assured that we seek to take reasonable steps to ensure that your privacy is protected. by using the services, you understand that your information may be transferred to our facilities and those third parties, with whom we share it as described in this privacy policy.
effective date & changes
this privacy policy is effective 14 december, 2018.
this privacy policy may be updated from time to time for any reason. we will notify you of any changes to our privacy policy by posting the new privacy policy here. you are advised to consult this privacy policy regularly for any changes, as continued use is deemed approval of all changes.
contact information
if you have any questions concerning this privacy policy, you may contact us at privacysupport@saildrone.com.
