privacy policy
salt security, inc. and its affiliates d/b/a “salt” (“salt”, “we” or “us”) respect the privacy of users of its website at https://salt.security/ (the “site“) and related services (“user” or “you”) and are committed to protect the personal information that their users share with them. we believe that you have a right to know our practices regarding the information we may collect and use when you visit and/or use our site.
capitalized terms which are not defined herein, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in our terms of use at (the “terms of use”), into which this privacy policy is incorporated by reference.
1. your consent (please read carefully)
by entering, connecting to, accessing or using the site, you agree to the terms and conditions set forth in this privacy policy (the “privacy policy”), including to the collection and processing of your personal information (as defined below). if you disagree to any term provided herein, you may not access or use the site or service.
for avoidance of doubt, you hereby consent to the collection, processing, transfer and use of your personal information. you also acknowledge and confirm that you are not required to provide us with your personal information and that such information is voluntarily provided to us.
2. information we may collect on our users
we may collect two types of data and information from our users:
a. non-identifiable and anonymous information (“non-personal information”). we are not aware of the identity of the user from whom we have collected the non-personal information. non-personal information is any unconcealed information which does not enable identification of an individual user, and which is available to us while such user is entering into and/or using the site. non-personal information which is being gathered consists of technical information, behavioral information and aggregated information, and may contain, among other things, the activity of the user on the site, type of operating system, user’s ‘click-stream’ or searches on the site, type and version of browser, keyboard language, screen resolution, etc.
b. personally identifiable information (“personal information”). this information may identify an individual or may be of a private and/or sensitive nature.
users of the site automatically provide their ip address, udid and other unique identifiers, mainly for enhancing the user’s experience and for geo-location, advertising and security purposes as further detailed below.
in addition, personal information which is being gathered consists of any personal details provided consciously and voluntarily by the user:
personal information is collected from the details the users provide whilst contacting us via the site (including when requesting for a demo), which includes the user’s first and last name, his/her job title, company, telephone number and work e-mail address. additionally, you may optionally provide via the “contact us” or “request a demo” forms on the site any text you wish to insert into the “message” box. once your contact details are received by us, our representative will contact you for further communication. our representative may collect additional personal information from you.
personal information may be collected as part of any communications with salt, by any means, including through our social network pages, by approaching our customer services, attending salt events or during sales calls (such information may include marketing and communication data that includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and your communication preferences).
personal information may be included in your user generated content that you may upload or generate through use of the site. such information may include, for example, information you included within a comment you uploaded to the site in response to an article available on the blog on our site.
we also obtain information from other sources, which include information obtained from third party vendors and publicly-available sources, information provided by third parties which helps us determine your location based on your ip address and data providers, such as google analytics, facebook, linkedin and twitter, from which we obtain demographic, interest based and online advertising related data.
you may use the “jobs” page available on our site in order to apply for a position at salt and send us your cv, and in such case, we will collect all personal information which is included in the applicable form on the “jobs” page, including, inter alia: first and last name, email address and telephone number and any personal information included in your cv. additionally, you may optionally provide via the form your linkedin username, personal website, cover letter, portfolio and any text you wish to insert into the “personal note” box. note that such personal information may be accessed by our hr department and/or by salt managers, worldwide, solely for the purposes of evaluation and to enable us to contact you with respect to the recruitment process. if you submit an application on behalf of a third party, you hereby acknowledge that such third-party was made aware of this privacy policy and has granted his/her consent to the processing of his/her personal information by salt. personal information collected via the “jobs” page may be retained for future consideration by salt (e.g. future positions at salt). for avoidance of doubt, any non-personal information connected or linked to any personal information shall be deemed as personal information as long as such connection or linkage exists.
we do not collect any personal information from you or related to you without your approval, which is obtained, inter alia, through your active acceptance to the terms of use and the privacy policy.
3. how do we collect information on our users?
there are a few methods that we use:
a. we collect information through your entry and use of the site. in other words, when you are using the site we are aware of it and may gather, collect and store the information relating to such usage.
b. we collect information which you decide to provide us voluntarily. for example, we collect personal information when you contact us through the contact form, request a demo or apply for a job.
c. we collect information from third parties. such information may include mailing lists, information obtained from your social network accounts, information obtained from the organizers of events which you attended and other information available from public sources.
we may gather, collect and store such information either independently or through the help of our authorized third-party service providers as detailed below.
4. what are the purposes of the collection of information?
non-personal information is collected in order to:
use it for statistical and research purposes and for customization and improvement of our site and services.
enhance the user’s experience while using the site.
display ads and send you offers.
keep the site safe and secured and for prevention of fraud.
personal information is collected in order to:
provide and personalize our services to our users.
respond to your inquiry and to contact you for marketing and sales purposes.
provide the users with commercial materials, updates about salt’s developments, new offerings, news regarding the site and services, etc.
display ads and send you offers. we may also use your personal information in delivering third party advertisements to you. this may include “targeted ads” based upon your interactions with our services.
determine general geolocation information (i.e., country) from which the user’s computer is connected to the internet in order for us to know the general location of our site’s users as well as in order to safeguard our site.
conduct internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research and statistical purposes, including in order to improve our services. please note that in general we analyze aggregate data for such purposes, rather than specific user data, however we may need to analyze a specific case to address a specific problem;
comply with our legal obligations and in order to be able to protect our rights and legitimate interests;
email tracking – we may use tracking technology within the email we may send you in order to improve interactions with you and to better understand whether our emails were opened and read, and such tracking may include capturing the time and date in which you opened our email messages and the type of device you use to open such emails.
5. sharing information with third parties
salt will not share any personal information it collects with any third party, other than in the following circumstances: (a) when you provide us with your contact details via the sites or make certain requests for information about our products or services, we may transfer your name and contact information to our channel partners so in order to enable us and our partners to respond to your request; (b) to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process, subpoena or governmental request; (c) to enforce this privacy policy and/or the terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof; (d) to detect, prevent, or otherwise address fraud, security or technical issues; (e) to respond to claims that contact information (e.g. name, e-mail address, etc.) of a third-party has been posted or transmitted without their consent or as a form of harassment; (f) to protect the rights, property, or personal safety of salt, its users or the general public; (g) by virtue of undergoing any change in control, including by means of merger, acquisition or purchase of all or substantially all of the assets of salt, so long as such acquirer maintains the same privacy terms hereunder; or (h) pursuant to your explicit approval prior to the disclosure.
note, that we collect, hold and/or manage personal information through salt’s authorized third parties vendors of certain products or services (such as, hosting cloud services) (including, as applicable, their affiliates) solely and limited to providing us with such requested services, and not for any other purposes. such vendors may be located in a country that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction.
for avoidance of doubt, salt may use non-personal information and transfer and disclose it to third parties at its discretion.
6. social features
the site may include social media features (“social features”). the social features are operated or allow for social integration with certain third party social networks or third party platforms (“social network”). these social networks are created and maintained by third parties who are not affiliated with and/or controlled by salt. if you enable this integration with such social networks, your use of the social features is subject to the applicable third party social network’s terms of use and privacy policies. you should ensure that you read their terms of use and privacy policies to understand how they treat your information and in order to understand the methods for changing the privacy or sharing settings on such services. if you do not agree to the practices described in such terms you should not interact with such social networks, however you may find that you are not able to enjoy all the features that may be made available via the site. you understand that where you allow interaction with any third party social network, we may share data about you with your contacts (and vice versa) in order that you may enjoy social elements. this data may include, without limitation, your name and your social media profile picture. by using the social features you hereby agree and understand that the applicable social networks or platforms may collect certain personal information, such as your ip address, non-personal information and may set cookies and/or other web tracking technologies to enable the functionality of the social features. the use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the third party that provides the social features. you hereby understand and agree that when you share content via social networks that your content may become public and others may re-post-it.
7. deletion or modification of personal information
in any event, if for any reason you wish to delete or modify personal information, please send us an e-mail with adequate details of your request to: privacy@salt.security and we will make reasonable efforts to modify or delete any such personal information pursuant to any applicable privacy laws. note that unless otherwise explicitly specified herein and/or unless you instruct us otherwise we may retain your personal information for as long as reasonably required for the purposes of which such personal information was collected, all as permitted under any applicable privacy laws.
aggregated and/or anonymous information derived from your use of the site may remain on our servers indefinitely.
please note that the laws of your local jurisdiction may provide you with certain privacy related rights, such as a right of access, right of rectification, right to erasure, right to restrict processing, right of data portability and right to object to processing of personal information. if you wish to exercise such rights and find that you are unable to do so via the site, please send us an email with adequate detail of your request to privacy@salt.security.
9. security
we take reasonable measures to maintain the security and integrity of our site and your information and prevent unauthorized access to it or use thereof through generally accepted industry standard technologies and internal procedures. please note, however, that there are inherent risks in transmission of information over the internet or other methods of electronic storage and we cannot guarantee that unauthorized access or use will never occur. salt shall not be responsible or liable for unauthorized access, hacking, or other security intrusions or failure to store or the theft, deletion, corruption, destruction, damage, or loss of any data or information.
10. third party service providers
while using the site we may be using third party service providers, who may collect, store and/or process the information detailed herein. salt uses commercially reasonable efforts to engage with third parties that post a privacy policy governing their collection, processing and use of non-personal and personal information. such software may include without limitation:
aws, whose privacy policy can be found at: https://aws.amazon.com/privacy/;
google analytics, whose privacy policy can be found at: https://policies.google.com/privacy?h;
linkedin, whose privacy policy can be found at: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy; and
marketo, whose privacy policy can be found at: https://documents.marketo.com/legal/privacy/
6sense, whose privacy policy can be found at: https://6sense.com/privacy-policy/.
please read such third party service providers’ terms of use and privacy policies to understand their privacy practices.
11. links to third party websites
certain links provided in the site permit users to leave our site and enter non-salt sites or services. those linked sites and services are provided solely as a convenience to you. those linked sites and services are not under the control of salt and it is not responsible for the availability of such external sites or services, and does not endorse and is not responsible or liable for any content advertising, products, services or other information on or available from such linked sites and services or any link contained in a linked site or service. salt reserves the right to terminate any link at any time. you further acknowledge and agree that salt shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such linked sites or resource.
most of such linked sites and services provide legal documents, including terms of use and privacy policy, governing the use thereof. it is always advisable to read such documents carefully before using those sites and services, inter alia, in order to know what kind of information they are collecting.
12. cookies and local storage
when you access or use the site, we and/or our third party service providers may use industry-wide technologies such as cookies, web beacons, pixels, clear gifs and other similar tools (or other similar technologies), which store certain local information on your device (“local storage“) which may enable us, inter alia, to recognize your device from those of other users of the site, to improve the site’s performance, to deliver a better and more personalized service according to the user’s individual interests and the device or browser used, to track users’ use of the site, to gather information about the users’ approximate geographic location (e.g. city), to prevent fraud and/or abuse, to estimate our audience size and usage pattern and perform other analytics, to develop our site and to serve targeted advertisements. such information is locally stored in the user’s device. salt and/or our authorized third party service providers may access such information. salt and/or our authorized third party service providers may use both session cookies (which expire once you close the web-browser) and persistent cookies (which stay on the user’s device until he/she deletes them). such local storage used by the site may store non-personal information (such as the different pages viewed by a user within the site) as well as user persistent identifier, which will be collected in accordance with the terms specified herein. most devices and browsers will allow you to erase cookies from your device’s hard drive, block acceptance of cookies, or receive a warning before a cookie is stored. however, if you block or erase cookies, your experience of the site may be limited. please note that unless you block the acceptance of cookies, the site will utilize cookies upon your use of the site. if you want to remove previously stored cookies, you can manually delete the cookies at any time. however, this will not prevent the site from placing further cookies on your device unless and until you adjust your settings as described above.  for detailed instructions regarding the blocking of cookies, please refer to your browser ‘help’, ‘tool’ or ‘edit’ section or see http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/. below are links to instructions regarding the blocking of cookies on commonly used web-browsers:
chrome
internet explorer and microsoft edge
mozilla firefox
safari
it is possible to opt-out of having your browsing activity within the site recorded by performance cookies. please note that we use google analytics, and visitor analytics as our service providers in order to track users’ activities on the site, including by use such services’ persistent cookies. google provides a browser-add on which allows users to opt-out of google analytics across all websites, which can be downloaded here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
13. international data transfer
in order to provide the site, we may transfer information collected about you, including personal information, to affiliated entities, or to other third party service provides (as provided herein) across borders and from your country or jurisdiction to other countries or jurisdictions around the world. please note that we may transfer such information to a country and jurisdiction that does not have the same data protection laws as your jurisdiction, and you consent to such transfer of information.
14. direct marketing
you hereby agree that we may use your contact details you provided us with (including, without limitation, e-mail address and phone number) for the purpose of providing you commercial and/or non-commercial materials related to our current and/or future products and services. you may withdraw your consent by sending a written notice to salt’s e-mail address that appears in the site or alternatively follow the instructions for removing yourself from the mailing list which are available in the message transmitted to you.
15. changes to the privacy policy
the terms of this privacy policy will govern the use of the site and any information collected therein. salt reserves the right to change this policy at any time, so please re-visit this page frequently. we will provide notice of substantial changes of this policy on the homepage of the site and/or we will send you an e-mail regarding such changes to the e-mail address that you may have provided us with. such substantial changes will take effect seven (7) days after such notice was provided on our site or sent by e-mail, whichever is the earlier. otherwise, all other changes to this privacy policy are effective as of the stated “last revised” date and your continued use of the site after the last revised date will constitute acceptance of, and agreement to be bound by, those changes. in the event that the terms should be amended to comply with any legal requirements, the amendments may take effect immediately, or as required by law and without any prior notice.
16. have questions?
if you have any questions (or comments) concerning this privacy policy, you are most welcome to send us an email to the following address: privacy@salt.security and we will make an effort to reply within a reasonable timeframe.
3921 fabian way palo alto, ca 94303
+1 (650) 254-6580
why salt
platform
customers
resources
blog
use cases
discover all your apis
prevent sensitive data exposure
stop api attacks
prevent account takeover
stop data exfiltration
accelerate incident response
provide remediation insights
simplify compliance
about saltsalt labs
newsroom
events
careers
the top five myths in api security
