elevators
escalators & moving walks
service
careers
elevatorspassenger elevatorselevator finderfind the ideal schindler elevator for your building requirements.schindler 3100 low-riseschindler 3100, a cost-effective, mrl traction elevator for two- to three-story buildings.schindler 3300 low- to mid-riseschindler's 3300 mrl elevator for low- to mid-rise buildings is the ideal hydraulic elevator alternative.schindler 3300 xl low- to mid-risethe schindler 3300 xl delivers more space with capacities ranging from 3,500 lbs. to 5,000 lbs. general purpose and hospital service applications available.schindler 5500 mid-riseschindler 5500 is a high-performance, gearless mrl traction elevator for mid-rise buildings. it offers glass & bare car options.schindler 7000 high-risethe schindler 7000 passenger elevator for high-rise buildings fits the need of  taller buildings with even more efficient and innovative mobility solutions.schindler 330a hydraulicthe schindler 330a holeless hydraulic elevator is the low-cost solution for a wide range of low-rise buildings.go backclose navigationfreight & special elevatorsmodernizationoverviewa schindler modernization can help improve your elevator equipment's reliability, performance and aesthetics.low-rise elevatorsa schindler hxpress hydraulic elevator modernization delivers improved performance and reliability.mid-rise elevatorsa schindler 6400 elevator modernization brings the benefits of gearless technology and schindler's suspension traction media (stm) to mid-rise elevators.high-rise elevatorswith a total modernization or phased approach, schindler's experience and products can bring your high-rise elevators up to their best performance.elevator upgradeschoose from a variety of affordable, versatile upgrades for elevators that can enhance safety, boost performance and improve aesthetics.energy savingsa schindler elevator upgrade can improve reliability and aesthetics while helping reduce energy consumption.capital planning & financinglet us help you develop a customized capital plan to upgrade your elevators over time.destination interfacea destination interface elevator modernization converts conventional controls to destination dispatching, giving you all the benefits of schindler port technology quickly and easily.go backclose navigationdestination controlschindler port technologyfind out how schindler port technology optimizes traffic flow, alleviates congestion and reduces elevator wait times, while offering personalized service and access control. contact schindler for an elevator traffic analysis.myport mobile solutionsdiscover myport - schindler's smartphone app that can verify user identity and summon an elevator, anticipate user needs with personalized features such as turning on and off lights, or locking and unlocking doors as the user arrives, and much more.referenceshear from customers who've modernized their elevators with schindler port technology.go backclose navigationschindler cleanmobility solutionsoverviewclean and touchless products for elevators. simple to use and easy to install, schindler cleanmobility products can accommodate nearly any type of installation.elevateme appwith schindler’s elevateme mobile app, users can call elevators and select their destinations on their own smartphones.schindler cleanair ionschindler cleanair ion cleans the air inside elevator cabins for passengers, providing continuous reduction of airborne viruses and bacteria.cleancall hoverschindler cleancall hover lets riders call elevators or select their destinations by hovering their finger over elevator pushbuttons.cleancall gridschindler cleancall grid provides a touchless option for elevator riders to place their landing floor request on the car operating panel.cleancall holovoicegive your building‘s tenants and visitors a unique touchless elevator experience with schindler cleancall holovoice elevator fixtures.cleancall waveschindler cleancall wave motion-activated elevator fixtures allow riders to place elevator calls with a wave of their hand.cleancall tapschindler cleancall tap foot-activated elevator fixtures allow riders to place elevator calls with a tap of their foot.touchless operationschindler’s touchless elevator operation option eliminates the need for riders to press any buttons.visual guidance optionsschindler cleanmobility decals can help manage elevator traffic while assisting riders in finding and assuming positioning that may help reduce exposure to communicable germs and viruses.go backclose navigationgo backclose navigation
passenger elevatorselevator finderfind the ideal schindler elevator for your building requirements.schindler 3100 low-riseschindler 3100, a cost-effective, mrl traction elevator for two- to three-story buildings.schindler 3300 low- to mid-riseschindler's 3300 mrl elevator for low- to mid-rise buildings is the ideal hydraulic elevator alternative.schindler 3300 xl low- to mid-risethe schindler 3300 xl delivers more space with capacities ranging from 3,500 lbs. to 5,000 lbs. general purpose and hospital service applications available.schindler 5500 mid-riseschindler 5500 is a high-performance, gearless mrl traction elevator for mid-rise buildings. it offers glass & bare car options.schindler 7000 high-risethe schindler 7000 passenger elevator for high-rise buildings fits the need of  taller buildings with even more efficient and innovative mobility solutions.schindler 330a hydraulicthe schindler 330a holeless hydraulic elevator is the low-cost solution for a wide range of low-rise buildings.go backclose navigation
elevator finderfind the ideal schindler elevator for your building requirements.
find the ideal schindler elevator for your building requirements.
schindler 3100 low-riseschindler 3100, a cost-effective, mrl traction elevator for two- to three-story buildings.
schindler 3100, a cost-effective, mrl traction elevator for two- to three-story buildings.
schindler 3300 low- to mid-riseschindler's 3300 mrl elevator for low- to mid-rise buildings is the ideal hydraulic elevator alternative.
schindler's 3300 mrl elevator for low- to mid-rise buildings is the ideal hydraulic elevator alternative.
schindler 3300 xl low- to mid-risethe schindler 3300 xl delivers more space with capacities ranging from 3,500 lbs. to 5,000 lbs. general purpose and hospital service applications available.
the schindler 3300 xl delivers more space with capacities ranging from 3,500 lbs. to 5,000 lbs. general purpose and hospital service applications available.
schindler 5500 mid-riseschindler 5500 is a high-performance, gearless mrl traction elevator for mid-rise buildings. it offers glass & bare car options.
schindler 5500 is a high-performance, gearless mrl traction elevator for mid-rise buildings. it offers glass & bare car options.
schindler 7000 high-risethe schindler 7000 passenger elevator for high-rise buildings fits the need of  taller buildings with even more efficient and innovative mobility solutions.
the schindler 7000 passenger elevator for high-rise buildings fits the need of  taller buildings with even more efficient and innovative mobility solutions.
schindler 330a hydraulicthe schindler 330a holeless hydraulic elevator is the low-cost solution for a wide range of low-rise buildings.
the schindler 330a holeless hydraulic elevator is the low-cost solution for a wide range of low-rise buildings.
freight & special elevators
modernizationoverviewa schindler modernization can help improve your elevator equipment's reliability, performance and aesthetics.low-rise elevatorsa schindler hxpress hydraulic elevator modernization delivers improved performance and reliability.mid-rise elevatorsa schindler 6400 elevator modernization brings the benefits of gearless technology and schindler's suspension traction media (stm) to mid-rise elevators.high-rise elevatorswith a total modernization or phased approach, schindler's experience and products can bring your high-rise elevators up to their best performance.elevator upgradeschoose from a variety of affordable, versatile upgrades for elevators that can enhance safety, boost performance and improve aesthetics.energy savingsa schindler elevator upgrade can improve reliability and aesthetics while helping reduce energy consumption.capital planning & financinglet us help you develop a customized capital plan to upgrade your elevators over time.destination interfacea destination interface elevator modernization converts conventional controls to destination dispatching, giving you all the benefits of schindler port technology quickly and easily.go backclose navigation
overviewa schindler modernization can help improve your elevator equipment's reliability, performance and aesthetics.
a schindler modernization can help improve your elevator equipment's reliability, performance and aesthetics.
low-rise elevatorsa schindler hxpress hydraulic elevator modernization delivers improved performance and reliability.
a schindler hxpress hydraulic elevator modernization delivers improved performance and reliability.
mid-rise elevatorsa schindler 6400 elevator modernization brings the benefits of gearless technology and schindler's suspension traction media (stm) to mid-rise elevators.
a schindler 6400 elevator modernization brings the benefits of gearless technology and schindler's suspension traction media (stm) to mid-rise elevators.
high-rise elevatorswith a total modernization or phased approach, schindler's experience and products can bring your high-rise elevators up to their best performance.
with a total modernization or phased approach, schindler's experience and products can bring your high-rise elevators up to their best performance.
elevator upgradeschoose from a variety of affordable, versatile upgrades for elevators that can enhance safety, boost performance and improve aesthetics.
choose from a variety of affordable, versatile upgrades for elevators that can enhance safety, boost performance and improve aesthetics.
energy savingsa schindler elevator upgrade can improve reliability and aesthetics while helping reduce energy consumption.
a schindler elevator upgrade can improve reliability and aesthetics while helping reduce energy consumption.
capital planning & financinglet us help you develop a customized capital plan to upgrade your elevators over time.
let us help you develop a customized capital plan to upgrade your elevators over time.
destination interfacea destination interface elevator modernization converts conventional controls to destination dispatching, giving you all the benefits of schindler port technology quickly and easily.
a destination interface elevator modernization converts conventional controls to destination dispatching, giving you all the benefits of schindler port technology quickly and easily.
destination controlschindler port technologyfind out how schindler port technology optimizes traffic flow, alleviates congestion and reduces elevator wait times, while offering personalized service and access control. contact schindler for an elevator traffic analysis.myport mobile solutionsdiscover myport - schindler's smartphone app that can verify user identity and summon an elevator, anticipate user needs with personalized features such as turning on and off lights, or locking and unlocking doors as the user arrives, and much more.referenceshear from customers who've modernized their elevators with schindler port technology.go backclose navigation
schindler port technologyfind out how schindler port technology optimizes traffic flow, alleviates congestion and reduces elevator wait times, while offering personalized service and access control. contact schindler for an elevator traffic analysis.
find out how schindler port technology optimizes traffic flow, alleviates congestion and reduces elevator wait times, while offering personalized service and access control. contact schindler for an elevator traffic analysis.
myport mobile solutionsdiscover myport - schindler's smartphone app that can verify user identity and summon an elevator, anticipate user needs with personalized features such as turning on and off lights, or locking and unlocking doors as the user arrives, and much more.
discover myport - schindler's smartphone app that can verify user identity and summon an elevator, anticipate user needs with personalized features such as turning on and off lights, or locking and unlocking doors as the user arrives, and much more.
referenceshear from customers who've modernized their elevators with schindler port technology.
hear from customers who've modernized their elevators with schindler port technology.
schindler cleanmobility solutionsoverviewclean and touchless products for elevators. simple to use and easy to install, schindler cleanmobility products can accommodate nearly any type of installation.elevateme appwith schindler’s elevateme mobile app, users can call elevators and select their destinations on their own smartphones.schindler cleanair ionschindler cleanair ion cleans the air inside elevator cabins for passengers, providing continuous reduction of airborne viruses and bacteria.cleancall hoverschindler cleancall hover lets riders call elevators or select their destinations by hovering their finger over elevator pushbuttons.cleancall gridschindler cleancall grid provides a touchless option for elevator riders to place their landing floor request on the car operating panel.cleancall holovoicegive your building‘s tenants and visitors a unique touchless elevator experience with schindler cleancall holovoice elevator fixtures.cleancall waveschindler cleancall wave motion-activated elevator fixtures allow riders to place elevator calls with a wave of their hand.cleancall tapschindler cleancall tap foot-activated elevator fixtures allow riders to place elevator calls with a tap of their foot.touchless operationschindler’s touchless elevator operation option eliminates the need for riders to press any buttons.visual guidance optionsschindler cleanmobility decals can help manage elevator traffic while assisting riders in finding and assuming positioning that may help reduce exposure to communicable germs and viruses.go backclose navigation
overviewclean and touchless products for elevators. simple to use and easy to install, schindler cleanmobility products can accommodate nearly any type of installation.
clean and touchless products for elevators. simple to use and easy to install, schindler cleanmobility products can accommodate nearly any type of installation.
elevateme appwith schindler’s elevateme mobile app, users can call elevators and select their destinations on their own smartphones.
with schindler’s elevateme mobile app, users can call elevators and select their destinations on their own smartphones.
schindler cleanair ionschindler cleanair ion cleans the air inside elevator cabins for passengers, providing continuous reduction of airborne viruses and bacteria.
schindler cleanair ion cleans the air inside elevator cabins for passengers, providing continuous reduction of airborne viruses and bacteria.
cleancall hoverschindler cleancall hover lets riders call elevators or select their destinations by hovering their finger over elevator pushbuttons.
schindler cleancall hover lets riders call elevators or select their destinations by hovering their finger over elevator pushbuttons.
cleancall gridschindler cleancall grid provides a touchless option for elevator riders to place their landing floor request on the car operating panel.
schindler cleancall grid provides a touchless option for elevator riders to place their landing floor request on the car operating panel.
cleancall holovoicegive your building‘s tenants and visitors a unique touchless elevator experience with schindler cleancall holovoice elevator fixtures.
give your building‘s tenants and visitors a unique touchless elevator experience with schindler cleancall holovoice elevator fixtures.
cleancall waveschindler cleancall wave motion-activated elevator fixtures allow riders to place elevator calls with a wave of their hand.
schindler cleancall wave motion-activated elevator fixtures allow riders to place elevator calls with a wave of their hand.
cleancall tapschindler cleancall tap foot-activated elevator fixtures allow riders to place elevator calls with a tap of their foot.
schindler cleancall tap foot-activated elevator fixtures allow riders to place elevator calls with a tap of their foot.
touchless operationschindler’s touchless elevator operation option eliminates the need for riders to press any buttons.
schindler’s touchless elevator operation option eliminates the need for riders to press any buttons.
visual guidance optionsschindler cleanmobility decals can help manage elevator traffic while assisting riders in finding and assuming positioning that may help reduce exposure to communicable germs and viruses.
schindler cleanmobility decals can help manage elevator traffic while assisting riders in finding and assuming positioning that may help reduce exposure to communicable germs and viruses.
escalators & moving walksescalatorsschindler 9300aeideally suited for commercial applications, the schindler 9300ae escalator can also be adapted for transport applications including stadiums, airports and exhibition halls.schindler 9700schindler's 9700 escalator is ideal for large public spaces with high-traffic demands such as airports, subways & railroad stations. the schindler 9700 offers outstanding performance at an optimal price.go backclose navigationmoving walksoverviewschindler 9500 moving walks combine comfort with safe, rapid, horizontal and inclined transportation and are ideal for use wherever the elimination of long walks is desired.schindler 9500 horizontaldiscover the numerous features and benefits of schindler 9500 horizontal moving walks. see why these are the ideal solution for transportation lengths up to 328 feet.schindler 9500 inclineddiscover the numerous features & benefits of schindler 9500ae inclined moving walks. the schindler 9500ae is one of the most efficient moving walks in retail applications and requires minimal installation space.go backclose navigationescalator modernizationintruss escalator modernizationthe schindler intruss escalator upgrade solution uses your existing truss and turns your old escalators into better than new condition.full escalator replacementreplace your older equipment with new, cutting-edge schindler 9300ae escalators - both an affordable and efficient solution.escalator upgradesschindler offers upgrades in all different areas in order to make your escalators run smoother, safer and more reliably.capital planning & financinglet us help you develop a customized capital plan to upgrade your escalators over time.go backclose navigationschindler cleanmobility solutionshandrail sanitization optionsschindler cleanmobility handrail sanitization options for escalators and moving walks offer advanced hygiene protection.go backclose navigationgo backclose navigation
escalatorsschindler 9300aeideally suited for commercial applications, the schindler 9300ae escalator can also be adapted for transport applications including stadiums, airports and exhibition halls.schindler 9700schindler's 9700 escalator is ideal for large public spaces with high-traffic demands such as airports, subways & railroad stations. the schindler 9700 offers outstanding performance at an optimal price.go backclose navigation
schindler 9300aeideally suited for commercial applications, the schindler 9300ae escalator can also be adapted for transport applications including stadiums, airports and exhibition halls.
ideally suited for commercial applications, the schindler 9300ae escalator can also be adapted for transport applications including stadiums, airports and exhibition halls.
schindler 9700schindler's 9700 escalator is ideal for large public spaces with high-traffic demands such as airports, subways & railroad stations. the schindler 9700 offers outstanding performance at an optimal price.
schindler's 9700 escalator is ideal for large public spaces with high-traffic demands such as airports, subways & railroad stations. the schindler 9700 offers outstanding performance at an optimal price.
moving walksoverviewschindler 9500 moving walks combine comfort with safe, rapid, horizontal and inclined transportation and are ideal for use wherever the elimination of long walks is desired.schindler 9500 horizontaldiscover the numerous features and benefits of schindler 9500 horizontal moving walks. see why these are the ideal solution for transportation lengths up to 328 feet.schindler 9500 inclineddiscover the numerous features & benefits of schindler 9500ae inclined moving walks. the schindler 9500ae is one of the most efficient moving walks in retail applications and requires minimal installation space.go backclose navigation
overviewschindler 9500 moving walks combine comfort with safe, rapid, horizontal and inclined transportation and are ideal for use wherever the elimination of long walks is desired.
schindler 9500 moving walks combine comfort with safe, rapid, horizontal and inclined transportation and are ideal for use wherever the elimination of long walks is desired.
schindler 9500 horizontaldiscover the numerous features and benefits of schindler 9500 horizontal moving walks. see why these are the ideal solution for transportation lengths up to 328 feet.
discover the numerous features and benefits of schindler 9500 horizontal moving walks. see why these are the ideal solution for transportation lengths up to 328 feet.
schindler 9500 inclineddiscover the numerous features & benefits of schindler 9500ae inclined moving walks. the schindler 9500ae is one of the most efficient moving walks in retail applications and requires minimal installation space.
discover the numerous features & benefits of schindler 9500ae inclined moving walks. the schindler 9500ae is one of the most efficient moving walks in retail applications and requires minimal installation space.
escalator modernizationintruss escalator modernizationthe schindler intruss escalator upgrade solution uses your existing truss and turns your old escalators into better than new condition.full escalator replacementreplace your older equipment with new, cutting-edge schindler 9300ae escalators - both an affordable and efficient solution.escalator upgradesschindler offers upgrades in all different areas in order to make your escalators run smoother, safer and more reliably.capital planning & financinglet us help you develop a customized capital plan to upgrade your escalators over time.go backclose navigation
intruss escalator modernizationthe schindler intruss escalator upgrade solution uses your existing truss and turns your old escalators into better than new condition.
the schindler intruss escalator upgrade solution uses your existing truss and turns your old escalators into better than new condition.
full escalator replacementreplace your older equipment with new, cutting-edge schindler 9300ae escalators - both an affordable and efficient solution.
replace your older equipment with new, cutting-edge schindler 9300ae escalators - both an affordable and efficient solution.
escalator upgradesschindler offers upgrades in all different areas in order to make your escalators run smoother, safer and more reliably.
schindler offers upgrades in all different areas in order to make your escalators run smoother, safer and more reliably.
capital planning & financinglet us help you develop a customized capital plan to upgrade your escalators over time.
let us help you develop a customized capital plan to upgrade your escalators over time.
schindler cleanmobility solutionshandrail sanitization optionsschindler cleanmobility handrail sanitization options for escalators and moving walks offer advanced hygiene protection.go backclose navigation
handrail sanitization optionsschindler cleanmobility handrail sanitization options for escalators and moving walks offer advanced hygiene protection.
schindler cleanmobility handrail sanitization options for escalators and moving walks offer advanced hygiene protection.
servicemaintenanceoverviewextend the lifetime of your elevators, escalators, and moving walks. our maintenance plans and repair services are tailored to fit your building needs, no matter what brand or model.service programsexplore the preventive maintenance options to accommodate your individual requirements for your elevators and escalators. schindler service has the flexibility to adapt to your building's unique environment.portfolio managementschindler's ahead actionboard tool for building owners/managers provides real-time access to performance and maintenance records for your elevators & escalators. our mobile app puts it in the palm of your hand.go backclose navigationrepairelevator upgradeschoose from a variety of affordable, versatile upgrades for elevators that can enhance safety, boost performance and improve aesthetics.escalator upgradesschindler offers upgrades in all different areas in order to make your escalators run smoother, safer and more reliably.go backclose navigationnational accountsdigital servicesoverviewlearn how schindler ahead, the digital solution that connects elevators and escalators to the iot cloud, can benefit your building.schindler ahead solutionsschindler ahead offers three equipment service level options to meet your budget, monitoring and diagnostic needs. find out more.go backclose navigationgo backclose navigation
maintenanceoverviewextend the lifetime of your elevators, escalators, and moving walks. our maintenance plans and repair services are tailored to fit your building needs, no matter what brand or model.service programsexplore the preventive maintenance options to accommodate your individual requirements for your elevators and escalators. schindler service has the flexibility to adapt to your building's unique environment.portfolio managementschindler's ahead actionboard tool for building owners/managers provides real-time access to performance and maintenance records for your elevators & escalators. our mobile app puts it in the palm of your hand.go backclose navigation
overviewextend the lifetime of your elevators, escalators, and moving walks. our maintenance plans and repair services are tailored to fit your building needs, no matter what brand or model.
extend the lifetime of your elevators, escalators, and moving walks. our maintenance plans and repair services are tailored to fit your building needs, no matter what brand or model.
service programsexplore the preventive maintenance options to accommodate your individual requirements for your elevators and escalators. schindler service has the flexibility to adapt to your building's unique environment.
explore the preventive maintenance options to accommodate your individual requirements for your elevators and escalators. schindler service has the flexibility to adapt to your building's unique environment.
portfolio managementschindler's ahead actionboard tool for building owners/managers provides real-time access to performance and maintenance records for your elevators & escalators. our mobile app puts it in the palm of your hand.
schindler's ahead actionboard tool for building owners/managers provides real-time access to performance and maintenance records for your elevators & escalators. our mobile app puts it in the palm of your hand.
repairelevator upgradeschoose from a variety of affordable, versatile upgrades for elevators that can enhance safety, boost performance and improve aesthetics.escalator upgradesschindler offers upgrades in all different areas in order to make your escalators run smoother, safer and more reliably.go backclose navigation
elevator upgradeschoose from a variety of affordable, versatile upgrades for elevators that can enhance safety, boost performance and improve aesthetics.
choose from a variety of affordable, versatile upgrades for elevators that can enhance safety, boost performance and improve aesthetics.
escalator upgradesschindler offers upgrades in all different areas in order to make your escalators run smoother, safer and more reliably.
schindler offers upgrades in all different areas in order to make your escalators run smoother, safer and more reliably.
national accounts
digital servicesoverviewlearn how schindler ahead, the digital solution that connects elevators and escalators to the iot cloud, can benefit your building.schindler ahead solutionsschindler ahead offers three equipment service level options to meet your budget, monitoring and diagnostic needs. find out more.go backclose navigation
overviewlearn how schindler ahead, the digital solution that connects elevators and escalators to the iot cloud, can benefit your building.
learn how schindler ahead, the digital solution that connects elevators and escalators to the iot cloud, can benefit your building.
schindler ahead solutionsschindler ahead offers three equipment service level options to meet your budget, monitoring and diagnostic needs. find out more.
schindler ahead offers three equipment service level options to meet your budget, monitoring and diagnostic needs. find out more.
careersoverviewwho we arepeoplelearn about the people, traditions and values that enable us to tackle the urban mobility challenges of the 21st century.diversityby building diverse and inclusive teams, schindler is laying the foundation for creativity, innovation, and effective decision-making. learn more.our valuessome things never go out of style. our values support everything we do, and allow us to remain a leading global player in the elevator and escalator industry.societyhelp us transform the world of tomorrow. we’re looking for high-powered digital natives ready to meet society’s most pressing urban mobility challenges.facts and figuresdiscover what makes schindler a great company to work for through key facts and stats.go backclose navigationwhy schindlerbenefitsdiscover more about schindler employee compensation packages and benefits – competitive salaries are just the start!trainingthe key to maintaining schindler’s proud legacy of swiss precision engineering is making sure that all our people – at every level – remain trained and ready.work-life balancefinding the right balance between work and life can be tough. at schindler we make it easier through flexible work policies. learn more.career development programdiscover how we take our most talented young professionals on an international & multidisciplinary journey to develop their long-term careers at schindler.international careersgrow your elevator & escalator career internationally with schindler. international assignments are a key part of how we develop people. learn more.go backclose navigationwho we look foropen positions - u.s.open positions - canadago backclose navigation
overview
who we arepeoplelearn about the people, traditions and values that enable us to tackle the urban mobility challenges of the 21st century.diversityby building diverse and inclusive teams, schindler is laying the foundation for creativity, innovation, and effective decision-making. learn more.our valuessome things never go out of style. our values support everything we do, and allow us to remain a leading global player in the elevator and escalator industry.societyhelp us transform the world of tomorrow. we’re looking for high-powered digital natives ready to meet society’s most pressing urban mobility challenges.facts and figuresdiscover what makes schindler a great company to work for through key facts and stats.go backclose navigation
peoplelearn about the people, traditions and values that enable us to tackle the urban mobility challenges of the 21st century.
learn about the people, traditions and values that enable us to tackle the urban mobility challenges of the 21st century.
diversityby building diverse and inclusive teams, schindler is laying the foundation for creativity, innovation, and effective decision-making. learn more.
by building diverse and inclusive teams, schindler is laying the foundation for creativity, innovation, and effective decision-making. learn more.
our valuessome things never go out of style. our values support everything we do, and allow us to remain a leading global player in the elevator and escalator industry.
some things never go out of style. our values support everything we do, and allow us to remain a leading global player in the elevator and escalator industry.
societyhelp us transform the world of tomorrow. we’re looking for high-powered digital natives ready to meet society’s most pressing urban mobility challenges.
help us transform the world of tomorrow. we’re looking for high-powered digital natives ready to meet society’s most pressing urban mobility challenges.
facts and figuresdiscover what makes schindler a great company to work for through key facts and stats.
discover what makes schindler a great company to work for through key facts and stats.
why schindlerbenefitsdiscover more about schindler employee compensation packages and benefits – competitive salaries are just the start!trainingthe key to maintaining schindler’s proud legacy of swiss precision engineering is making sure that all our people – at every level – remain trained and ready.work-life balancefinding the right balance between work and life can be tough. at schindler we make it easier through flexible work policies. learn more.career development programdiscover how we take our most talented young professionals on an international & multidisciplinary journey to develop their long-term careers at schindler.international careersgrow your elevator & escalator career internationally with schindler. international assignments are a key part of how we develop people. learn more.go backclose navigation
benefitsdiscover more about schindler employee compensation packages and benefits – competitive salaries are just the start!
discover more about schindler employee compensation packages and benefits – competitive salaries are just the start!
trainingthe key to maintaining schindler’s proud legacy of swiss precision engineering is making sure that all our people – at every level – remain trained and ready.
the key to maintaining schindler’s proud legacy of swiss precision engineering is making sure that all our people – at every level – remain trained and ready.
work-life balancefinding the right balance between work and life can be tough. at schindler we make it easier through flexible work policies. learn more.
finding the right balance between work and life can be tough. at schindler we make it easier through flexible work policies. learn more.
career development programdiscover how we take our most talented young professionals on an international & multidisciplinary journey to develop their long-term careers at schindler.
discover how we take our most talented young professionals on an international & multidisciplinary journey to develop their long-term careers at schindler.
international careersgrow your elevator & escalator career internationally with schindler. international assignments are a key part of how we develop people. learn more.
grow your elevator & escalator career internationally with schindler. international assignments are a key part of how we develop people. learn more.
who we look for
open positions - u.s.
open positions - canada
industriesmulti-family residentialofficemalls and retailhotelstransporthealthcareinstitutionalmixed-usestadiums, arenas & exhibit hallsgo backclose navigation
multi-family residential
office
malls and retail
hotels
transport
healthcare
institutional
mixed-use
stadiums, arenas & exhibit halls
media north americaoverviewnewsgo backclose navigation
overview
news
about usoverviewschindler brandhistoryvaluesmanufacturing facilitieshanoverschindler’s 150,000+ square foot state-of-the-art leed gold certified manufacturing facility in hanover, pa focuses on the fabrication of components visible to customers, like doors, entrances and elevator cab interiors. learn more.clintondiscover our escalator manufacturing complex located in clinton, north carolina. the complex comprises both a 38,000-square-foot escalator step facility and a 155,000-square-foot escalator assembly plant.go backclose navigationqualitysupplierssustainabilityoverviewschindler elevator corporation is committed to conducting its business activities in harmony with society and the environment. our products and services are designed to provide energy efficient and eco-friendly options to architects, contractors, building owners and managers.green technologyfind out how schindler's green technology can help improve efficiency and save energy. schindler incorporates green technology in elevators, escalators and destination dispatch technology.offices & manufacturingschindler doesn't only offer green products, our offices and manufacturing facilities are sustainable. learn more about the sustainable solutions integrated into schindler's daily operations practices.go backclose navigationsafetyoverviewdiscover schindler's safety materials and see that elevator & escalator safety is a top value. our products are built with many safety features to help give riders peace of mind while using them.tips for riders & ownersenjoy safe and pleasant, elevator and escalator rides by following these safety tips from schindler elevator corporation. also learn more about what to do before calling for service, and get tips to prepare your equipment for extreme weather.tips for kidsplease follow these safety tips for kids. parents, share these tips with your children today so they can enjoy safe and pleasant, elevator and escalator rides.go backclose navigationwhy choose schindlergo backclose navigation
overview
schindler brand
history
values
manufacturing facilitieshanoverschindler’s 150,000+ square foot state-of-the-art leed gold certified manufacturing facility in hanover, pa focuses on the fabrication of components visible to customers, like doors, entrances and elevator cab interiors. learn more.clintondiscover our escalator manufacturing complex located in clinton, north carolina. the complex comprises both a 38,000-square-foot escalator step facility and a 155,000-square-foot escalator assembly plant.go backclose navigation
hanoverschindler’s 150,000+ square foot state-of-the-art leed gold certified manufacturing facility in hanover, pa focuses on the fabrication of components visible to customers, like doors, entrances and elevator cab interiors. learn more.
schindler’s 150,000+ square foot state-of-the-art leed gold certified manufacturing facility in hanover, pa focuses on the fabrication of components visible to customers, like doors, entrances and elevator cab interiors. learn more.
clintondiscover our escalator manufacturing complex located in clinton, north carolina. the complex comprises both a 38,000-square-foot escalator step facility and a 155,000-square-foot escalator assembly plant.
discover our escalator manufacturing complex located in clinton, north carolina. the complex comprises both a 38,000-square-foot escalator step facility and a 155,000-square-foot escalator assembly plant.
quality
suppliers
sustainabilityoverviewschindler elevator corporation is committed to conducting its business activities in harmony with society and the environment. our products and services are designed to provide energy efficient and eco-friendly options to architects, contractors, building owners and managers.green technologyfind out how schindler's green technology can help improve efficiency and save energy. schindler incorporates green technology in elevators, escalators and destination dispatch technology.offices & manufacturingschindler doesn't only offer green products, our offices and manufacturing facilities are sustainable. learn more about the sustainable solutions integrated into schindler's daily operations practices.go backclose navigation
overviewschindler elevator corporation is committed to conducting its business activities in harmony with society and the environment. our products and services are designed to provide energy efficient and eco-friendly options to architects, contractors, building owners and managers.
schindler elevator corporation is committed to conducting its business activities in harmony with society and the environment. our products and services are designed to provide energy efficient and eco-friendly options to architects, contractors, building owners and managers.
green technologyfind out how schindler's green technology can help improve efficiency and save energy. schindler incorporates green technology in elevators, escalators and destination dispatch technology.
find out how schindler's green technology can help improve efficiency and save energy. schindler incorporates green technology in elevators, escalators and destination dispatch technology.
offices & manufacturingschindler doesn't only offer green products, our offices and manufacturing facilities are sustainable. learn more about the sustainable solutions integrated into schindler's daily operations practices.
schindler doesn't only offer green products, our offices and manufacturing facilities are sustainable. learn more about the sustainable solutions integrated into schindler's daily operations practices.
safetyoverviewdiscover schindler's safety materials and see that elevator & escalator safety is a top value. our products are built with many safety features to help give riders peace of mind while using them.tips for riders & ownersenjoy safe and pleasant, elevator and escalator rides by following these safety tips from schindler elevator corporation. also learn more about what to do before calling for service, and get tips to prepare your equipment for extreme weather.tips for kidsplease follow these safety tips for kids. parents, share these tips with your children today so they can enjoy safe and pleasant, elevator and escalator rides.go backclose navigation
overviewdiscover schindler's safety materials and see that elevator & escalator safety is a top value. our products are built with many safety features to help give riders peace of mind while using them.
discover schindler's safety materials and see that elevator & escalator safety is a top value. our products are built with many safety features to help give riders peace of mind while using them.
tips for riders & ownersenjoy safe and pleasant, elevator and escalator rides by following these safety tips from schindler elevator corporation. also learn more about what to do before calling for service, and get tips to prepare your equipment for extreme weather.
enjoy safe and pleasant, elevator and escalator rides by following these safety tips from schindler elevator corporation. also learn more about what to do before calling for service, and get tips to prepare your equipment for extreme weather.
tips for kidsplease follow these safety tips for kids. parents, share these tips with your children today so they can enjoy safe and pleasant, elevator and escalator rides.
please follow these safety tips for kids. parents, share these tips with your children today so they can enjoy safe and pleasant, elevator and escalator rides.
why choose schindler
tools & resourcesdownloadsvideosdrawings & specificationsportfolio managementaia courses for architectse-paymentsgo backclose navigation
downloads
videos
drawings & specifications
portfolio management
aia courses for architects
e-payments
e-payments
home
privacy policy
schindler - privacy policy
last updated april 2022
thank you for visiting this website or websites under the operation and control (collectively the “sites”) of schindler elevator corporation (“schindler”) and your interest in schindler products and services. your privacy is important to us and we want you to feel comfortable visiting our sites. in view of this, we have created this privacy policy.
the internet is generally not a secure environment. you acknowledge that the internet is an open network and can be accessed by anyone. schindler controls and operates the sites from its offices in the united states of america and does not represent that materials on the sites are appropriate or available for use in locations outside canada and the united states of america.
schindler treats personal information in accordance with applicable data protection and privacy laws and is committed to protecting the privacy of certain data that is collected from you and that you submit when you access the sites. we recognize the sensitive nature of much of the information with which we are entrusted on a daily basis, and we are committed to the highest standards of privacy. the following outline is intended to familiarize you with our policies for the gathering, use, disclosure, maintenance and protection of private information both online as well as offline. the examples given are intended to be for illustrative purposes only, and therefore, should not be considered a complete representation of our practices.
please review this policy carefully. schindler reserves the right to change its privacy policy at any time, in which event the sites will contain a notice of the change. changes will be effective immediately upon posting to the sites. by accessing the sites, you are indicating your agreement to schindler’s privacy policy. if you have any questions or concerns about any of our practices, please contact us at uswebmaster@us.schindler.com.
1. accountability
schindler strives to be accountable for all personal information under its control. this includes personal information under our direct control, as well as personal information that we may transfer to our affiliates or third-party service providers for servicing, processing, storage or other purposes that facilitate our business operations. we use contractual or other appropriate means to require third parties that provide services on our behalf to maintain a level of privacy protection comparable to our own practices.
numerous individuals within schindler are responsible for the day-to-day collection and processing of personal information including our sales associates and account and administrative personnel. schindler has designated a privacy officer who is accountable for the handling of all personal information under schindler’s control and for ensuring that the principles set out in this policy are complied with.
2. what are the purpose and the scope of this privacy policy
this privacy policy applies to personal information schindler collects in the course of operating our business in canada and the united states, including online through the sites. the sites are intended for use of persons residing in canada and the united states and for delivery of products and services within canada and the united states. this policy does not apply to any information that is exempted from the definition of "personal information" in applicable privacy legislation.
this privacy policy describes the types of personal information schindler collects, the methods of collection and the purposes for which schindler may use, share or disclose such information. by way of example, the term “personal information” refers to information such as your name, e-mail address, mailing address, or telephone number, etc. that can be used to identify you and information we collect and maintain in combination with information that can be used to identify you, or as otherwise defined by applicable law.
by using schindler sites, you consent to the collection, use and disclosure of personal information as set forth in this privacy policy.
the sites are not directed to children. schindler does not knowingly collect any personal information from children. if you are concerned about your child’s use of the sites, you may use web-filtering technology to supervise or limit access to the sites.
3. what information do we collect about you?
either before or when we collect personal information from you, we will explain how we intend to use and disclose it. we will limit the collection of personal information to that which is necessary to accomplish the identified purposes and will use and disclose it only for those purposes. if we wish to use or disclose your personal information for a new purpose, we will identify such purpose and obtain your consent prior to use or disclosure for such purpose, unless such consent is not required by law.
as you are probably aware, in the course of our relationship with you, we may collect information from a variety of sources. we collect this information in order to carry out our business functions and provide the highest quality of service to you, to conduct research, and to provide internal reporting. most of our information comes directly from you. we collect personal information about you when you register with us (i.e. by registration form, signing up for a newsletter) or when you voluntarily complete for example customer surveys, provide feedback, participate in competitions or apply for job vacancies by posting your curriculum vitae (cv) on our on-line recruitment sites. if you choose to withhold any personal information requested by us, it may not be possible for you to gain access to or use certain parts, services or functions of the sites and for us to respond to your query.
information comes to us from affiliates, third parties, including governmental agencies, employers, insurance carriers and consumer reporting agencies or other public sources. we may obtain information about your business or occupation, property, health, credit history and income, as well as personal identification information that can be used to contact or identify you such as names, birth dates, addresses, social security and drivers’ license numbers, telephone numbers, and e-mail addresses. the company also may ask you to provide information about yourself in connection with an application for employment.
we also collect personal information from you in the following situations. when you:
create an account on one of the sites;
order, purchase, exchange, return or cancel an order for any of our products or services;
contact us or make an inquiry about any of our products or services;
communicate with our customer service representatives; and
engage with us on social media.
schindler may also conduct video surveillance of its premises for security and loss prevention purposes.
by using our website, certain technical and other information is automatically disclosed by your computer to and logged by us (such as your network address, the type of your browser, the site that referred you to our site) for operational and security purposes, and to better understand the usage of our websites. this means that when you visit one of our sites, our web server automatically records your ip address, your operating system version, the website from which you came onto our sites and the type of browser software you are using, etc. it also records which sites you visit, the pages you visit within the sites, on what date and for how long.
such information is used to help us improve the contents of the sites and to compile, for internal and market research purposes, anonymous aggregated statistics about the use of our sites. while all of this information can be associated with the ip address your computer had while you visited the sites, it will not be associated with you as an individual or associated with any other information you may submit through the sites, or that schindler may store about you for any other purposes. we also collect information about your website usage information by using cookies. for details please refer to the cookies and web analytics/opt-out section of this privacy policy.
4. how will we use the information about you?
your information will be used for the purpose indicated in this privacy policy at the time of collection, that is evident from the circumstances, or that is provided for by law. it will be used to administer, support and obtain feedback on the level of our services and to prevent breaches of security, the law or our contract terms.
further, we may use your personal information to administer your account, administer contests, promotions and surveys, provide customer service, perform data analysis service, protect against error and fraud, protect the security and integrity of our sites and our business, provide you with information about products or services you may request or which may be of interest to you and to meet legal requirements. we also may use it to market products and services which we think may be of interest to you (including by way of e-mail), or to communicate with you. if you wish to opt-out from receiving such communication, please inform uswebmaster@us.schindler.com.
any communication or material transmitted to schindler by electronic mail or other electronic device, including any data, questions, comments, suggestions or the like will be treated as non-confidential and non-proprietary. you agree that schindler may use such communication or material for the purposes outlined herein.
we will maintain the personal information you provide for so long as we, in our sole discretion, believe is necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes for which the information was collected, or to comply with applicable laws, contracts or other rules or regulations. personal information that is no longer required to fulfill the identified purposes is either destroyed, erased or rendered anonymous to prevent unauthorized parties from gaining access to the information.
5. consent
depending on the circumstances and the sensitivity of the information, we may obtain your consent to the collection, use and disclosure of your personal information in different ways. express consent may be obtained verbally, online or in writing. implied consent may be obtained when you approach us to obtain information, inquire about or order products or services from us, or through your use of a product, service or one of the sites.
you may withdraw your consent to our collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information at any time, on reasonable notice, subject to legal or contractual restrictions. we will inform you of the implications of doing so. for instance, withdrawal of consent may make it impossible for us to provide certain products or services to you.
if you have opted-in to schindler’s email list, you may unsubscribe from such emails online at a site, by using the unsubscribe mechanism included in any such email, or otherwise by contacting schindler customer service by any of the means indicated on the sites.
we will not refuse to provide a product or service to you if you choose not to provide us with your personal information, unless the failure to provide such information makes us unable to provide such product or service to you.
california residents: you have the right to request that schindler delete your personal information from our records and direct any service providers to delete your personal information from their records, subject to certain exceptions. upon receipt of a verifiable request from you, we will delete and direct any of our service providers to delete your personal information from their records.
to submit a request to delete, please contact us at:
schindler elevator corporation20 whippany roadmorristown, usa
attn: michael maloy, privacy officertelephone: 1-973-397-6094toll free: 800-537-0004email: michael.maloy@schindler.com
6. information sharing | data transfer abroad
schindler will not trade, rent, license or sell your personal information to third parties.
california residents: we do not sell the personal information of california residents for a business purpose.
in the course of our normal business activities, we may disclose collected information to both affiliates and non-affiliated entities, as we deem necessary. we will not disclose your information for any purposes other than those in conjunction with the business activities requested of us unless otherwise permitted or required by law. the business activities include the provision of administration and other related services and performing other functions of our business. affiliated entities are within the schindler family of companies, while non-affiliated entities are those outside of the schindler family of companies with which we conduct our activities.
as schindler is a global and worldwide acting company, we may disclose your personal information to other schindler affiliates worldwide that may use such personal information for the purposes listed in this privacy policy, but also agree to treat it in accordance with this privacy policy and applicable laws. your personal information may therefore be transferred to countries with a different level of data protection than the country from where you have submitted your personal information.
your personal information may be disclosed to third parties if we are required to do so because of applicable law, legal proceedings or responding to court, law enforcement, governmental or other legal requests, or if such disclosure is otherwise necessary in support of any criminal or other legal investigation or proceeding here or abroad, or because of an overriding interest of schindler.
your information may also be disclosed to third parties, including abroad, who act for us or on our behalf, for further processing in accordance with the purpose(s) for which the data were originally collected. your information may be lawfully processed by third parties for services delivery (e.g. evaluating the usefulness of the sites, marketing, data management or technical support). these third parties may only process your information in the same way as schindler is permitted to process it. we require all service providers to keep your information confidential and secure. in addition, we require that our service providers not use or disclose the personal information for any purpose other than providing the services on our behalf, except as may be required by law.
schindler may transfer any information we have about you in connection with a potential or actual merger, amalgamation, acquisition, disposition or sale, of all or part of our business or assets.
7. links to other websites
this privacy policy applies only to the sites, and not to websites owned by third parties. we may provide links to other websites which we believe may be of interest to you. however, due to the nature of the internet, we cannot guarantee the privacy standards of such websites or assume responsibility for the contents of websites other than our sites.
this privacy policy is not intended to be applicable to any linked, non-schindler website. whenever you open a link to other websites, you should exercise caution and read the privacy policies of the website in question.
8. cookies
when you visit one of our sites, we may store some data on your computer in the form of a "cookie". a "cookie” is a small piece of text that a website places in the cookie file of your browser and that allows the sites to recognize your personal computer next time you visit the sites.
cookies by themselves do not tell us your email address or otherwise identify you personally. cookies cannot be used to run programs or deliver viruses to your computer. schindler only uses cookies in accordance with applicable laws.
please ensure that your computer setting reflects whether you accept cookies or have disabled or deactivated them. you can set your browser to warn you before accepting such tracking technology, or you can also set it to refuse such devices. the specific instructions can be found in the manual of your browser. however, please be aware that disabling or deactivating of such devices may result in a reduced availability of the services provided by our sites, or parts of our sites may no longer function correctly.
for further information on cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org or www.aboutcookies.org.
9. social media plugins
social bookmarks (for example facebook, twitter, google+ or linkedin) allow users of certain social media platforms to post links of selected sites on their corresponding social media profile in order to bookmark them or share them with their social media contacts.
our sites may contain social bookmarks which are identifiable by means of respective share buttons. opening one of our sites may result in social bookmarks setting cookies on your computer and, if you have subscribed to a social media platform, permit its operators to track your usage of the sites, unless you have disabled or deactivated the acceptance and storage of cookies in your browser settings.
if you use "share" buttons on our sites you will be directed to websites controlled by addthis and sharethis. we have no control over the cookies that addthis and sharethis set when you use their services. however, you can opt out of addthis.com cookies and sharethis.com cookies.
if you use social bookmarks you will be sending identifiable information to the respective social media platform. any comments or activity arising from persons using social bookmarks is not controlled or endorsed by schindler and schindler shall not be held responsible or liable for such. persons who share schindler’s content via social bookmarks are not authorized to speak for or represent schindler. their views and opinions must be strictly regarded as their own and not schindler's.
further, the provisions in schindler’s terms and conditions and this privacy policy relating to links also apply to social bookmarks.
10. web analytics | opt-out
our sites use google analytics and adobe analytics and adobe target.
google analytics and adobe analytics are used to measure sites usage, collect non-identifiable and to aggregate information to improve the contents of our sites or to compile, for internal and market research purposes, anonymous aggregated statistics about individuals using our sites. the relevant data is provided to us by google and/or adobe  in the aggregate (i.e. individual users are not identified) and allows us to better understand our sites’ audience.
by way of example, the google analytics and/or adobe analytics features implemented by us allow us (i) to evaluate and generate reports on certain demographic, behavioral, and interest metrics of users collected by google, and (ii) to create advertising remarketing audiences and campaigns based on such metrics, which may be segmented into aggregated groups.
in addition, our sites uses adobe target to personalize your experience on our sites. adobe target does not store your ip address or any personal information. ip addresses are used only by adobe target during your visit of our sites.
if you do not wish to have your visits on our sites tracked by adobe analytics, you can opt-out by using the following link: opt-out of from adobe analytics.
similarly, you can opt-out of google analytics for display advertising and customize google display network ads using the ads settings form at https://adssettings.google.com.
you may opt-out from adobe target by using the following link: opt-out of from adobe target.
our sites may use additional marketing tools and technologies. these tools allow us to monitor the web activity of leads and customer contacts so that we can identify the topics they are interested in and pre-qualify leads for sales. these tools also help us to understand which topics might be relevant in a sales conversation or which content to provide. if you do not wish to you have visits on our sites tracked by our marketing tools, you can opt-out by using the following link:
opt-out of from marketing tools
11. do not track
“do not track” is a privacy preference that you can set in your internet search browser that sends a signal to a website that you do not want the website operator to track certain browsing information about you. however, because our sites are not configured to detect do not track signals from a user’s computer, we are unable to respond to do not track requests.
12. security measures to protect your personal information
no system for safeguarding personal or other information is 100% secure. however, schindler uses appropriate security measures in order to reasonably protect your personal information against unauthorized access or alteration, accidental or intentional manipulation, loss and destruction. for example, our employees are trained to understand the importance of confidentiality and are required to adhere to our privacy policies and procedures. employees who violate these policies and procedures are subject to disciplinary action.
we employ numerous practices to protect against the disclosure of information for purposes unrelated to the performance of our business functions or to individuals other than those who must use it in the course of their work activities. these practices include the use of password protection of computer files, e-mail and voice-mail, video surveillance, and other physical, electronic, and procedural safeguards.
13. access to and accuracy of personal information
you may request access to your personal information in our custody or control, and an account of our use and disclosure of that information, by contacting our privacy officer in writing. in order to verify that the information is being released to the proper individual, you may be asked to provide suitable identification or to otherwise identify yourself. we will advise you in advance if a minimal charge will apply and we will respond to your request within 30 days.
if we are unable to provide you with a list of organizations to which we have actually disclosed your personal information, we will provide you with a list of organizations to which we may have disclosed your personal information. in certain circumstances, access to personal information may be denied. if we deny your request for access to your personal information, we will advise you in writing of the reason for the refusal, unless we are prohibited by law from doing so.
you are entitled to challenge the accuracy and completeness of your personal information and have it amended as appropriate. in most cases, schindler relies on you to provide any updates to or correction of your personal information. where personal information is used on an on-going basis, schindler undertakes to correct any information that is shown to be inaccurate, incomplete, or not up-to-date. otherwise, we do not routinely update personal information unless it is necessary to fulfill the purposes for which the information is collected.
upon request from you to have any or all of your personal information in our records deleted or destroyed, schindler may undertake to use reasonable efforts to do so to the extent such information is not required to be retained by law or for any other lawful business purpose, such as the investigation of claims or defence of an action.
california residents: we will not discriminate against a california resident for exercising his or her rights under the california consumer privacy act, including a request to delete the personal information we collect about them. for example, we generally will not provide you a different level or quality of goods or services if you exercise a right.
14. contact our privacy officer
if you wish to challenge our compliance with this privacy policy or have any questions, comments or concerns about this privacy policy or our privacy practices, please contact schindler’s privacy officer using the contact information shown below. all complaints will be investigated. if schindler finds a complaint to be justified, appropriate measures will be taken, including if necessary, amending our policies and practices.
schindler elevator corporation20 whippany roadmorristown, usa
attn: michael maloy, privacy officertelephone: 1-973-397-6094email: michael.maloy@schindler.com
if you are not satisfied with our response, the office of the privacy commissioner of canada (opcc) investigates complaints under the personal information protection and electronic documents act (pipeda). the oppc can be reached at:
office of the privacy commissioner of canada30 victoria streetgatineau, quebec k1a 1h31-800-282-1376website: http://www.priv.gc.ca
for our customers in the province of quebec, if you are not satisfied with our response, the commission d’accès à l’information investigates complaints under the act respecting the protection of personal information in the private sector (quebec privacy act). the commission can be reached at:
suite 18.200500, boul. rené-lévesque westmontréal (québec) h2z 1w7514-873-4196website: http://www.cai.gouv.qc.ca
this privacy policy is governed by the internal substantive laws of new jersey, without regard to its conflict of laws principles. jurisdiction for any claims arising under or out of this privacy policy shall lie exclusively with the state and federal courts within new jersey. if any provision of this privacy policy is found to be invalid by a court having competent jurisdiction, the invalidity of such provision shall not affect the validity of the remaining provisions of this privacy policy, which shall remain in full force and effect.
under no circumstances shall schindler have any liability whatsoever for any errors or omissions in information on the site, or for any damages, losses, or expenses that may occur while accessing the site, or any linked site, or the inability to access these sites; or any failure of performance, error, omission, interruption, defect, delay in operation or transmission, computer virus or line or system failure; or any consequential, incidental, indirect or special damages arising out of the breach of this privacy policy, however occasioned.
follow us on social media
linkedin
twitter
instagram
youtube
facebook
passenger elevators
escalators
moving walks
destination control
schindler cleanmobility
schindler service
schindler ahead digital solutions
elevator modernization
escalator modernization
national accounts
schindler e-payments
ahead actionboard login
schindler plan configurators
aia courses for architects
downloads
multi-family residential
office
retail
hotels
healthcare
profile
safety
careers
sustainability
news
company
responsibility
investors
global careers
global news
schindler elevator corporation
north america
u.s. headquarters20 whippany roadmorristown, nj 07960
phone: 973-397-6500
canada headquarters3640a mcnicoll avenuetoronto on m1x 1g5
phone: 416-332-8280
© schindler 2022
terms & conditions
privacy policy
this website uses different types of cookies to enable, improve and monitor the use of our website. for more information see our privacy policy. by continuing to browse on our website, you consent to the use on your device of analytics, advertising and other cookies.
