contact
supportknowledge basecontact supportrma formproduct feedbackcybersecurity advisorysoftware & firmwaregatemanager hosting server status
knowledge base
contact support
rma form
product feedback
cybersecurity advisory
software & firmware
gatemanager hosting server status
companyabout secomeacybersecuritydistributorspartnerscareersterms & compliance
about secomea
cybersecurity
distributors
partners
careers
terms & compliance
ende
de
solutionsindustrial remote accesseasy and secure remote accessmachine data collectionutilize the true value of your machine data__saas solutionsaas solution for enterprises
industrial remote accesseasy and secure remote access
machine data collectionutilize the true value of your machine data
__
saas solutionsaas solution for enterprises
productscolumnproduct overviewdiscover our productsindustrial iot gatewayssitemanageraccess management servergatemanagercolumnremote access clientslinkmanagerdata collection clouddccaccessories and addonshardware accessories
columnproduct overviewdiscover our productsindustrial iot gatewayssitemanageraccess management servergatemanager
product overviewdiscover our products
industrial iot gatewayssitemanager
access management servergatemanager
columnremote access clientslinkmanagerdata collection clouddccaccessories and addonshardware accessories
remote access clientslinkmanager
data collection clouddcc
accessories and addonshardware accessories
cases
news & events
ende
de
solutionsindustrial remote accesseasy and secure remote accessmachine data collectionutilize the true value of your machine data__saas solutionsaas solution for enterprises
industrial remote accesseasy and secure remote access
machine data collectionutilize the true value of your machine data
__
saas solutionsaas solution for enterprises
productscolumnproduct overviewdiscover our productsindustrial iot gatewayssitemanageraccess management servergatemanagercolumnremote access clientslinkmanagerdata collection clouddccaccessories and addonshardware accessories
columnproduct overviewdiscover our productsindustrial iot gatewayssitemanageraccess management servergatemanager
product overviewdiscover our products
industrial iot gatewayssitemanager
access management servergatemanager
columnremote access clientslinkmanagerdata collection clouddccaccessories and addonshardware accessories
remote access clientslinkmanager
data collection clouddcc
accessories and addonshardware accessories
cases
news & events
contact
supportsupport overivewknowledge basecontact supportrma formproduct feedbackcybersecurity advisorysoftware & firmwaregatemanager server status
support overivew
knowledge base
contact support
rma form
product feedback
cybersecurity advisory
software & firmware
gatemanager server status
companycompany overviewcybersecurityabout secomeadistributorspartnerscareersterms & compliance
company overview
cybersecurity
about secomea
distributors
partners
careers
terms & compliance
privacy and cookie policy


privacy statement
last revised: july 2020
introduction
secomea and its subsidiaries (also referred to below as “we”, “us” and “our”) is a privacy conscious organization. this privacy statement explains how we protect visitor’s information gathered via the web pages of the secomea.com website. by using this website, you agree to the use of such information in accordance with this privacy statement.
this privacy statement may be supplemented or amended from time to time by privacy statements that are specific to certain areas of this website (e.g., recruitment).
information collection
as a visitor, you do not have to submit any personal information in order to use the website. this website collects personal information only if it is specifically and voluntarily provided by visitors, for expressly pre-defined purposes and for identified recipients. such information may consist of, but is not limited to, your name, current job title, company address, email address, telephone and other contact information. when deliberately providing this information, you will be informed if certain data must be necessary filled in or if their provision is optional.
log information and cookies
this website collects standard internet log information including your ip address, browser type and language, geolocation, access times and referring website addresses. to ensure that our website is well managed and to facilitate improved navigation, we or our service provider(s) may also use cookies to collect aggregate data.
detailed information can be found in our cookie policy.
information use
at times, you may choose to register or create a user profile on this site e.g., to gain access to specific content, attend a hosted event, respond to a survey or request communications about specific areas of interest. in such cases, the information you submit has a contractual nature and conditions the management of your request and of our relationship with you. this information may also be used by us or to customize or improve this website, by virtue of our legitimate interest.
we may also use your personal information for marketing purposes, or to send you promotional materials or communications regarding services provided by us or other members of the secomea network that we feel may be of interest to you, provided that you have checked the dedicated boxes expressing your acceptance when registering on the website, if any we may also contact you to seek feedback on our products and services or for market or other research purposes. your personal information may also be used to protect our rights or property and that of our users.
you may at any time request that we discontinue sending you emails.
disclosure of information to third parties
provided you have checked the dedicated box when registering on the website, we may provide your personal information to other members of the secomea group in order to improve our knowledge about your preferences, to provide you with information that could be of interest to you and conduct market or other research. this personal information will only be transferred to other members of the secomea group.
all of these disclosures may involve the transfer of personal information to countries or regions without data protection rules similar to those in effect in your area of residence. to this effect, secomea implements appropriate means to safeguard these transfers in accordance with applicable data protection regulation.
personal information may also be disclosed to law enforcement, regulatory or other government agencies, or to other third parties, in each case to comply with legal or regulatory obligations or requests.
analytics and other third-party tools
we employ third-party tools to monitor and analyze the use of our websites, and to automate certain processes related to the development and operation of our websites.
we use the following service providers:
google analytics
google ads
active campaign
hotjar
tidio
pardot
detailed information can be found in our cookie policy.
social networking button widgets
we may implement social media buttons and certain other widgets that allow our users to interact and share content. your interaction with a widget generally allows the third party to collect some information about you, for example your ip address. in certain cases, the third party might be able to identify you through its widget even if you do not use it but visit another site that also uses the widget. mentioned below are the partners whose widgets are used on our site:
facebook
youtube
twitter
linkedin
vimeo
access to information
visitors who choose to register with this website may access their user profile, correct and update their details, or unsubscribe at any time. visitors who have any problem accessing their profiles or would like to request a copy of their personal information should contact webmaster services using the contact provided below. in all cases we will treat requests to access information or change information in accordance with applicable legal requirements.
in accordance with applicable data protection regulation, you can exercise your rights of access, rectification and deletion of your personal data, your right of restriction of processing operations related to your personal information, and your right of portability. you may also, for legitimate reasons, oppose the processing of your personal information. you can exercise these rights at any time by sending a proof of identity to secomea on hr@secomea.com.
nevertheless, insofar as the collection and processing of personal information is strictly necessary for the provision of the service you requested through the website, you acknowledge that you don’t have an absolute right of deletion, of restriction of the processing and to oppose the processing of such personal information.
when the processing of your personal information is based on the collection of your consent, you may withdraw this consent at any time, in particular by clicking on the unsubscription link contained in communications sent by secomea and generated in response to your registration on the website.
in accordance with applicable data protection regulation, you also have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
information retention
your personal information will not be retained beyond the time strictly necessary for the pursued purposes as set forth herein and in accordance with the applicable data protection regulation.
in this respect, information processed for contractual purposes (e.g. attending a hosted event, responding to a survey or requesting communications about specific areas of interest) are retained only for execution of the requested service.
the personal information used for commercial purposes may be retained for a maximum of 5 years from the closure of your account or from the last contact with you.
the personal information used for recruitment purposes may be retained for a maximum of 1 year from the last contact with you; this duration shall be reduced in compliance with local regulation; if you want to have your personal information erased, please let us know by sending an email to hr@secomea.com.
your information is deleted when the above retention period expires.
log information, and information related to cookies are retained for a maximum period of 13 months.
information security
we have in place reasonable commercial standards of technology and implement technical and organizational security measures to protect all information provided by visitors via this website from unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration or destruction of the provided information.
changes to our privacy statement
we may modify or amend this privacy statement from time to time at our discretion. when we make changes to this statement, we will amend the revision date at the top of this page.
if you have questions about this privacy policy or generally about how secomea processes your personal data, please contact the hr department by email: hr@secomea.com.
if you want to complain about secomea’s processing of your personal data, please contact the data protection authority, which has the following contact information in denmark:

datatilsynet
borgergade 28, 5
1300, københavn k
phone: +45 33 19 32 00
e-mail: dt@datatilsynet.dk
website: www.datatilsynet.dk

cookie policy
we only use cookies to deliver a smooth experience to our website visitors and to understand how visitors use our websites. we do this because we want you to have a great experience browsing our sites, so we can provide you with relevant content and so that we can continually improve the service we provide you.
every time you visit secomea’s websites, you will be prompted to accept or refuse cookies.
the purpose is to enable the site to remember your preferences (such as user name, language, etc.) for a certain period of time.
what are cookies?
cookies are small files placed on your computer or device by a website or mobile application. the cookie does contain a unique id assigned to your device, but does not contain personal information such as your name or email address. the cookie helps to navigate from page to page on a website, to provides secure connections and to recall your preferences from a previous visit, when you return.
what sort of cookies do we use?
necessary cookies
these cookies are essential in order to enable you to move around the website and use its features, such as setting your privacy preferences, logging in or filling in forms. without these cookies, services requested through usage of our website cannot be properly provided. strictly necessary cookies do not require consent from the user under applicable law. you may configure your web browser to block strictly necessary cookies, but you might then not be able to use the website’s functionalities as intended.
analytics cookies
analytics cookies are used to analyze how visitors use our website, for instance which pages visitors go to most often, and how visitors move around the site. they help us to improve the user friendliness of a website and therefore enhance the user’s experience. further information collected by analytics cookies may include e.g.: internet browser and operating system used, the domain name of the website which you previously visited, the number of visits, average duration of visit, and pages called up.
examples of analytics cookies we use:
google analytics: we use google analytics cookies in order to report on website trends. the information collected includes the pages you visit, the time of your visit, whether you have been to the site before and what site referred you to the web page. the cookies report website trends; they do not identify individual visitors and visitors cannot be tracked across multiple sites.  please see google’s privacy policy here for further information on the data google collects and how it is processed.
active campaign: activecampaign is our marketing and sales automation platform, including crm, that helps us to meaningfully connect and engage with our customers. activecampaign’s platform enables us to create optimized customer experiences by automating many behind the scenes processes and communicating with our customers across channels with personalized, intelligence-driven messages. for a detailed overview of the cookies they use, click here.
hotjar: we use hotjar  in order to better understand your needs. hotjar is a technology service that helps us understand your experience. (e.g. how much time you spend on which pages, which links you choose to click, what users do and don’t like, etc.) this enables us to build and maintain our service with your feedback. hotjar uses cookies and other technologies to collect data on our users’ behavior and their devices. for further details, please see hotjar’s privacy policy.


function cookies
functionality cookies are used to allow us to remember your preferences for helpful features, such as providing the site in a different language. they are anonymous and don’t track browsing activity across other websites.   functionality cookies can include first party, third party, persistent or session cookies. similar to strictly necessary cookies, functionality cookies are used to provide services you request. these cookies can remember your preferences to boost the user experience on a website.

advertisement cookiesmarketing cookies (also referred to as targeting or advertising cookies) are used to deliver adverts on third party websites more relevant to you and your interests. they are also used to limit the number of times you see an advertisement as well as help measure the effectiveness of an advertising campaign.
legal basis for the processing of personal data in connection with marketing cookies (if any) is legitimate interest or user’s consent. you can at anytime disable the marketing cookies in your preferred browser.

preference cookies
preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in.
list of preference cookies:
tidio. tidio is our chat platform that connects users with the secomea experts. we are collecting email addresses/names/phone numbers only with the consent of the users, in order to start the chat. the messages and data exchanged are stored within the tidio application. for more information, please refer to their privacy policy.
disabling cookies
you can prevent the setting of cookies by adjusting the settings on your browser (see your browser help for how to do this). be aware that disabling cookies will affect the functionality of this and many other websites that you visit. disabling cookies will usually result in also disabling certain functionality and features of the this, and other websites. therefore, it is recommended that you do not disable cookies.

inside secomea
about secomeacybersecuritypartnerscareers
resources
gatemanager server statusnewseventswebinarscases
contact
secomea headquarterscopenhagen, denmark+45 88 70 86 50info@secomea.com
contact secomeacontact a distributor
find addresses here →
privacy & cookie policy   //   contact us: +45 88 70 86 50   //   info@secomea.com© secomea 2021, all rights reserved
cookies
privacy overview
