why seco
applications
products and services
company
investor relations
contact us
transportation
industrial automation
medical
vending
digital signage
building automation/domotics
aerospace & defense
security/surveillance
utilities
devices
hardware / software | system integration | r&d competences
iot | data science | artificial intelligence | data orchestration
open innovation | partnerships
who seco is
our history
values, identity and mission
our partners
sales channels
work with us
news
events and trade fairs
tech trends blog
why seco
applications            transportation industrial automation medical vending digital signage building automation/domotics aerospace & defense security/surveillance utilities devices
transportation
industrial automation
medical
vending
digital signage
building automation/domotics
aerospace & defense
security/surveillance
utilities
devices
products and services            hardware / software | system integration | r&d competencesiot | data science | artificial intelligence | data orchestrationopen innovation | partnerships
hardware / software | system integration | r&d competences
iot | data science | artificial intelligence | data orchestration
open innovation | partnerships
company            who seco is our history values, identity and mission our partners sales channels work with us news events and trade fairs tech trends blog
who seco is
our history
values, identity and mission
our partners
sales channels
work with us
news
events and trade fairs
tech trends blog
investor relations
contact us
en
en
europe
americas
asia, oceania
africa, middle east
austriaenglish
austria
austriadeutsch
austria
azerbaijanenglish
azerbaijan
belgiumfrench
belgium
belgiumenglish
belgium
bosnia and herzegovinaenglish
bosnia and herzegovina
bulgariaenglish
bulgaria
croatiaenglish
croatia
czech republicenglish
czech republic
denmarkenglish
denmark
finlandenglish
finland
francefrench
france
georgiaenglish
georgia
germanydeutsch
germany
germany english
germany
greeceenglish
greece
hungaryenglish
hungary
irelandenglish
ireland
italyitalian
italy
kazakhstanenglish
kazakhstan
latviaenglish
latvia
lithuaniaenglish
lithuania
luxembourgfrench
luxembourg
luxembourgdeutsch
luxembourg
montenegroenglish
montenegro
netherlandsenglish
netherlands
north macedoniaenglish
north macedonia
norwayenglish
norway
poland english
poland
portugalenglish
portugal
romaniaenglish
romania
russiarussian
russia
serbiaenglish
serbia
slovakiaenglish
slovakia
sloveniaenglish
slovenia
spainspanish
spain
swedenenglish
sweden
switzerlanddeutsch
switzerland
switzerlandenglish
switzerland
turkeyenglish
turkey
ukraineenglish
ukraine
ukrainerussian
ukraine
united kingdomenglish
united kingdom
argentinaspanish
argentina
boliviaspanish
bolivia
brasilenglish
brasil
canadaenglish
canada
canadafrench
canada
chilespanish
chile
colombiaspanish
colombia
ecuadorspanish
ecuador
mexicospanish
mexico
peruspanish
peru
usaenglish
usa
uruguayspanish
uruguay
venezuelaspanish
venezuela
australiaenglish
australia
bahrainenglish
bahrain
bangladeshenglish
bangladesh
cambodiaenglish
cambodia
chinachinese
china
hong kongenglish
hong kong
indiaenglish
india
indonesiaenglish
indonesia
iranenglish
iran
israelenglish
israel
japanjapanese
japan
kuwaitenglish
kuwait
malasyaenglish
malasya
myanmarenglish
myanmar
omanenglish
oman
pakistanenglish
pakistan
philippinesenglish
philippines
qatarenglish
qatar
saudi arabiaenglish
saudi arabia
singaporeenglish
singapore
south koreaenglish
south korea
taiwanchinese
taiwan
taiwanenglish
taiwan
thailandenglish
thailand
uaeenglish
uae
uzbekistanenglish
uzbekistan
vietnamenglish
vietnam
algeriafrench
algeria
angolaenglish
angola
egyptenglish
egypt
ethiopiaenglish
ethiopia
ghanaenglish
ghana
ivory coastfrench
ivory coast
moroccofrench
morocco
mozambiqueenglish
mozambique
nigeriaenglish
nigeria
south africaenglish
south africa
sudanenglish
sudan
tanzaniaenglish
tanzania
tunisiafrench
tunisia
ugandaenglish
uganda
protection of personal data
privacy policy of the seco website
privacy policy regarding the processing of personal data
(art.13 of eu reg. 679/2016)

with this privacy policy, seco s.p.a. as the data controller wishes,  pursuant to art. 13 of eu reg. 679/2016   (hereinafter, also the "gdpr") to provide you with information about the processing of your personal data in the relation to navigation on this website (hereinafter also referred to as the "site" ).

1. data controller and data processors
the data controller is seco s.p.a. (hereinafter also referred to as "seco" or the "controller"), represented by its pro tempore legal representative, with registered office in arezzo (ar), 52100, via achille grandi,  no. 20.
an updated list of data processors, if they have been appointed, may be provided at the request of the interested party. for any clarification regarding the processing of your personal data, you can contact us by writing to the e-mail address privacy@seco.com.
2. purpose of the processing and legal basis
we inform you that your personal data are processed for purposes strictly connected and necessary for the use of the site and the services provided therein, as well as to ensure the security of the network and data of the company's it systems.
in particular, personal data will be processed for the following purposes:
registration on the site and management of your account;
management of product purchases, related payments and services related to the use of the site;
customer service in the event of technical-commercial requests;
sending of promotional and commercial communications relating to products and services similar to those you have purchased;
sending of the seco newsletter containing promotional and commercial communications.
the legal basis of the processing depends on the various purposes set out above: consent (article 6, section 1, letter a) of the gdpr), in the fulfilment of specific obligations deriving from pre-contractual and contractual agreements (pursuant to article 6, section 1, letter b) of the gdpr), in the legitimate interest of the company (article 6, section 1, letter f) of the gdpr).
3. type of personal ata which are subject to the processing
seco processes the following personal data:
navigation data:
the computer systems and software procedures used to operate the site can acquire, during their normal operation, navigation data whose transmission is implicit in the use of internet communication protocols.
navigation data, necessary for the use of web services, are also processed for the purpose of:
obtaining statistical information on the use of services (most visited pages, number of visitors by time or day, geographical areas of origin, etc.);
checking the correct functioning of the services provided.

personal data:
ordinary data: name, surname, date and place of birth, e-mail;
financial data: information relating to commercial transactions and payment methods (e.g. credit card number, iban etc.).

4. obligation to provide the data
it is mandatory for you to provide your data for the use of the services provided on the site, in particular for the conclusion of purchases and to process your requests.
5. recipients of the data
your personal data may be disclosed to the following categories of parties:
companies belonging to the seco group for the performance of the contract and for related administrative purposes;
employees and collaborators appointed by the data controller as authorised parties for processing;
entities and/or subjects appointed as data processors;
employees and collaborators who work for the data controller;
agents, subcontractors and parties involved and/or who are part of the seco group's sales channel;
commercial partners, operating in the electronics sector, with whom the controller and/or the seco group collaborates for the development of various types of projects;
customer care service providers in relation to user requests;
external it service providers who provide it maintenance and assistance, it solutions (e.g. cloud services) and software solutions on behalf of the controller and/or the seco group;
freelancers or professional firms appointed to assume the defence of the data controller and/or the seco group in litigation and/or administrative proceedings due to the above-mentioned relationships;
natural or legal persons appointed by the data controller to perform services related to the management of the payment systems in use at the site, as well as credit recovery companies;
public security authorities, judicial authorities, parties, bodies or authorities to whom it is mandatory to communicate your personal data by virtue of legal provisions or orders of the authorities.
an updated list of these subjects can be requested by writing to the following address: privacy@seco.com.

6. processing methods
the processing of personal data is carried out through the use of electronic or automated tools, in compliance with the rules of confidentiality and security provided for by current legislation.
7. transfer of data to third countries
the personal data you provide may be transferred abroad, both within the european union and to third countries, for the purpose of performing the contract in place with you or the pre-contractual measures adopted at your request, as well as the fulfilment of obligations imposed by applicable laws.
in any case, please note that the transfer of your personal data abroad shall take place in accordance with the provisions of articles 44 et seq. of the gdpr.
8. period for retention of personal data
in order to ensure correct and transparent processing, seco retrains your personal data for a period of time not exceeding that necessary for the purposes for which they have been collected or subsequently processed, in accordance with the provisions of article 5, section 1, letter e of the gdpr.
personal data may be stored for longer periods of time where necessary to fulfil statutory and/or legal obligations, as well as to ensure the judicial protection of the rights of the controller, in compliance with the normal limitation periods.

9. data subject rights
at any time, you may exercise the rights recognised pursuant to articles. 15 et seq. of the gdpr, in the manner and within the limits governed by the above-mentioned legislation:
right of access (article 15 of the gdpr);
right of rectification (article 16 of the gdpr);
right to erasure (article 17 of the gdpr);
right to restriction of processing (article 18 of the gdpr);
right to data portability (article 20 of the gdpr);
right to object (article 21 of the gdpr);
right not to be subjected to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects that concern you or which significantly affect you (article 22 of the gdpr).
you can exercise your rights by writing  to the following address: privacy@seco.com.
10. right to lodge a complaint
should you believe that the processing of your personal data is carried out in breach of the provisions of current legislation,  you have  the right to lodge a complaint with the supervisory authority, as provided for by art. 77 of the  gdpr, or to make a claim in the appropriate judicial offices,  pursuant to art. 79 del gdpr.
11. cookies
cookies are small text files that the site sends to the user's terminal, where they are stored and then retransmitted to the website on the next visit. this site uses various types of cookies, some of which are third-party cookies.  the cookies of the so-called "third parties" are set by a website other than the one the user is visiting. this is because on each site there may be elements (images, maps, sounds, specific links to web pages of other domains, etc.) that reside on servers other than that of the site visited.
more specifically, this site uses the following cookies:
necessary cookies that contribute to making the website usable by enabling its basic features such as navigation on the pages and access to the protected areas of the site. the site is not able to function properly without these cookies;
preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in;
preference cookies enable a website to remember information that changes the way the website behaves or looks, like your preferred language or the region that you are in;
analytical cookies that allow us to understand how users interact with the site by collecting and reporting anonymous information for statistical purposes;
cookies for marketing purposes which are used, subject to the consent of the interested party,  to track visits to the site. the purpose is to present advertisements that are relevant and engaging for the individual user and therefore of greater value for third-party publishers and advertisers.
you can always choose to enable or disable cookies, intervening on the settings of your browser and revoking the consent provided.
12. links to other websites, platforms and applications
the site may contain links to other websites, which you can consult  by selecting special links made accessible while browsing. access to and consultation of these sites remain unrelated to the activity, checks and/or  security measures adopted by  seco.

company
why seco
who seco is
our history
values, identity and mission
our partners
work with us
investor relations
sales channels
services
proof of concept
design & industrialization
system integration
manufacturing
software
clea: iot platform_ai inside
help
discontinued products
online rma
technical support
commercial requests
technical resources
legal notes
privacy policy
cookie policy
general conditions of sale
guarantee
disclaimer
copyright
legal
rma
communication
brand book seco
company profile
products guide - systems
products guide - soms & sbcs
video
news
events
blog
follow us on
select language
