what we do best  what we do best >   ai training datatext unlock critical information found deep within unstructured text.speech build multi-lingual conversational ai with high-quality speech datasets. image assign keywords to a digital image making it recognizable by machines.video annotate keypoints to moving objects making them recognizable by machines. ai data servicesdata collection create, collect & curate audio, images, text & video from across the globe.data transcription ai-driven, cloud-based transcription that supports 150+ languages.data annotation & labeling accurately annotate training data to make ai & ml think faster & smarter.data de-identification ensure compliance with credentialed & certified domain experts.  buyer’s guide: data annotation / labeling  buyer’s guide: high-quality ai training data
what we do best >   ai training datatext unlock critical information found deep within unstructured text.speech build multi-lingual conversational ai with high-quality speech datasets. image assign keywords to a digital image making it recognizable by machines.video annotate keypoints to moving objects making them recognizable by machines. ai data servicesdata collection create, collect & curate audio, images, text & video from across the globe.data transcription ai-driven, cloud-based transcription that supports 150+ languages.data annotation & labeling accurately annotate training data to make ai & ml think faster & smarter.data de-identification ensure compliance with credentialed & certified domain experts.  buyer’s guide: data annotation / labeling  buyer’s guide: high-quality ai training data
what we do best >   ai training datatext unlock critical information found deep within unstructured text.speech build multi-lingual conversational ai with high-quality speech datasets. image assign keywords to a digital image making it recognizable by machines.video annotate keypoints to moving objects making them recognizable by machines. ai data servicesdata collection create, collect & curate audio, images, text & video from across the globe.data transcription ai-driven, cloud-based transcription that supports 150+ languages.data annotation & labeling accurately annotate training data to make ai & ml think faster & smarter.data de-identification ensure compliance with credentialed & certified domain experts.  buyer’s guide: data annotation / labeling  buyer’s guide: high-quality ai training data
what we do best >   ai training datatext unlock critical information found deep within unstructured text.speech build multi-lingual conversational ai with high-quality speech datasets. image assign keywords to a digital image making it recognizable by machines.video annotate keypoints to moving objects making them recognizable by machines. ai data servicesdata collection create, collect & curate audio, images, text & video from across the globe.data transcription ai-driven, cloud-based transcription that supports 150+ languages.data annotation & labeling accurately annotate training data to make ai & ml think faster & smarter.data de-identification ensure compliance with credentialed & certified domain experts.  buyer’s guide: data annotation / labeling  buyer’s guide: high-quality ai training data
what we do best >
ai training data
text unlock critical information found deep within unstructured text.
speech build multi-lingual conversational ai with high-quality speech datasets.
image assign keywords to a digital image making it recognizable by machines.
video annotate keypoints to moving objects making them recognizable by machines.
ai data services
data collection create, collect & curate audio, images, text & video from across the globe.
data transcription ai-driven, cloud-based transcription that supports 150+ languages.
data annotation & labeling accurately annotate training data to make ai & ml think faster & smarter.
data de-identification ensure compliance with credentialed & certified domain experts.
buyer’s guide: data annotation / labeling
buyer’s guide: high-quality ai training data
data catalog  data catalog & licensing > medical datasetsgold standard, high-quality, de-identified healthcare data.speech/audio datasetssource, transcribed & annotated speech data in over 50 languages.computer vision datasetsimage and video datasets to accelerate ml development.  buyer’s guide: ai data collection  buyer’s guide: image annotation for cv
data catalog & licensing > medical datasetsgold standard, high-quality, de-identified healthcare data.speech/audio datasetssource, transcribed & annotated speech data in over 50 languages.computer vision datasetsimage and video datasets to accelerate ml development.  buyer’s guide: ai data collection  buyer’s guide: image annotation for cv
data catalog & licensing > medical datasetsgold standard, high-quality, de-identified healthcare data.speech/audio datasetssource, transcribed & annotated speech data in over 50 languages.computer vision datasetsimage and video datasets to accelerate ml development.  buyer’s guide: ai data collection  buyer’s guide: image annotation for cv
data catalog & licensing > medical datasetsgold standard, high-quality, de-identified healthcare data.speech/audio datasetssource, transcribed & annotated speech data in over 50 languages.computer vision datasetsimage and video datasets to accelerate ml development.  buyer’s guide: ai data collection  buyer’s guide: image annotation for cv
data catalog & licensing >
medical datasetsgold standard, high-quality, de-identified healthcare data.
speech/audio datasetssource, transcribed & annotated speech data in over 50 languages.
computer vision datasetsimage and video datasets to accelerate ml development.
buyer’s guide: ai data collection
buyer’s guide: image annotation for cv
solutions  solutions >  specialitynatural language processing understand the intent or emotion behind the human conversationcomputer vision train ml models with best-in-class ai data to make sense of the visual world. conversational ai localize ai-enabled speech models with rich structured multi-lingual datasets.view all industryhealthcare ai  collect, de-identify & annotate large datasets by healthcare experts.automotive  highly accurate training & validation data for autonomous vehicles. retail  train your ai model with the most contextual & relevant training data.view all use casessentiment analysis analyze human emotions by interpreting nuances in client reviews.facial recognition auto-detect one or more human faces based on facial landmarks. vehicle damage assessment  identify & recognize extent of damage to predict & estimate cost.view all
solutions >  specialitynatural language processing understand the intent or emotion behind the human conversationcomputer vision train ml models with best-in-class ai data to make sense of the visual world. conversational ai localize ai-enabled speech models with rich structured multi-lingual datasets.view all industryhealthcare ai  collect, de-identify & annotate large datasets by healthcare experts.automotive  highly accurate training & validation data for autonomous vehicles. retail  train your ai model with the most contextual & relevant training data.view all use casessentiment analysis analyze human emotions by interpreting nuances in client reviews.facial recognition auto-detect one or more human faces based on facial landmarks. vehicle damage assessment  identify & recognize extent of damage to predict & estimate cost.view all
solutions >  specialitynatural language processing understand the intent or emotion behind the human conversationcomputer vision train ml models with best-in-class ai data to make sense of the visual world. conversational ai localize ai-enabled speech models with rich structured multi-lingual datasets.view all industryhealthcare ai  collect, de-identify & annotate large datasets by healthcare experts.automotive  highly accurate training & validation data for autonomous vehicles. retail  train your ai model with the most contextual & relevant training data.view all use casessentiment analysis analyze human emotions by interpreting nuances in client reviews.facial recognition auto-detect one or more human faces based on facial landmarks. vehicle damage assessment  identify & recognize extent of damage to predict & estimate cost.view all
solutions >  specialitynatural language processing understand the intent or emotion behind the human conversationcomputer vision train ml models with best-in-class ai data to make sense of the visual world. conversational ai localize ai-enabled speech models with rich structured multi-lingual datasets.view all industryhealthcare ai  collect, de-identify & annotate large datasets by healthcare experts.automotive  highly accurate training & validation data for autonomous vehicles. retail  train your ai model with the most contextual & relevant training data.view all use casessentiment analysis analyze human emotions by interpreting nuances in client reviews.facial recognition auto-detect one or more human faces based on facial landmarks. vehicle damage assessment  identify & recognize extent of damage to predict & estimate cost.view all
solutions >
speciality
natural language processing understand the intent or emotion behind the human conversation
computer vision train ml models with best-in-class ai data to make sense of the visual world.
conversational ai localize ai-enabled speech models with rich structured multi-lingual datasets.
view all
industry
healthcare ai  collect, de-identify & annotate large datasets by healthcare experts.
automotive  highly accurate training & validation data for autonomous vehicles.
retail  train your ai model with the most contextual & relevant training data.
view all
use cases
sentiment analysis analyze human emotions by interpreting nuances in client reviews.
facial recognition auto-detect one or more human faces based on facial landmarks.
vehicle damage assessment  identify & recognize extent of damage to predict & estimate cost.
view all
shaipcloud platform
resources  resources > case study crafted & curated case studies for world-class ai teams.buyer’s guide everything you need to know before making a decision.infographics an easy-to-understand overview of ai topics through data visualizations. sample datasets high-quality sample datasets to train your ai model.in the media a selection of ai articles & news stories on shaip from across the globe.blogs know the latest insights that drive ai & ml technologies.  training data to build multi-lingual conversational ai  named entity recognition annotation for clinical nlp
resources > case study crafted & curated case studies for world-class ai teams.buyer’s guide everything you need to know before making a decision.infographics an easy-to-understand overview of ai topics through data visualizations. sample datasets high-quality sample datasets to train your ai model.in the media a selection of ai articles & news stories on shaip from across the globe.blogs know the latest insights that drive ai & ml technologies.  training data to build multi-lingual conversational ai  named entity recognition annotation for clinical nlp
resources > case study crafted & curated case studies for world-class ai teams.buyer’s guide everything you need to know before making a decision.infographics an easy-to-understand overview of ai topics through data visualizations. sample datasets high-quality sample datasets to train your ai model.in the media a selection of ai articles & news stories on shaip from across the globe.blogs know the latest insights that drive ai & ml technologies.  training data to build multi-lingual conversational ai  named entity recognition annotation for clinical nlp
resources > case study crafted & curated case studies for world-class ai teams.buyer’s guide everything you need to know before making a decision.infographics an easy-to-understand overview of ai topics through data visualizations. sample datasets high-quality sample datasets to train your ai model.in the media a selection of ai articles & news stories on shaip from across the globe.blogs know the latest insights that drive ai & ml technologies.  training data to build multi-lingual conversational ai  named entity recognition annotation for clinical nlp
resources >
case study crafted & curated case studies for world-class ai teams.
buyer’s guide everything you need to know before making a decision.
infographics an easy-to-understand overview of ai topics through data visualizations.
sample datasets high-quality sample datasets to train your ai model.
in the media a selection of ai articles & news stories on shaip from across the globe.
blogs know the latest insights that drive ai & ml technologies.
training data to build multi-lingual conversational ai
named entity recognition annotation for clinical nlp
company  company > about us a global leader in artificial intelligence training data.leadership the team that leads shaip in the right direction.events & webinar global events that power artificial intelligence technologies.security & compliance adhere to the highest level of security & compliance. crowd wellness making an impact & giving back to the society.press room shaip’s press coverage in leading publications.partners partners that help us power artificial intelligence technologies.careers the best place for high-performing talent. join us!  startup of the year – business services industries  most innovative tech startup of the year – services
company > about us a global leader in artificial intelligence training data.leadership the team that leads shaip in the right direction.events & webinar global events that power artificial intelligence technologies.security & compliance adhere to the highest level of security & compliance. crowd wellness making an impact & giving back to the society.press room shaip’s press coverage in leading publications.partners partners that help us power artificial intelligence technologies.careers the best place for high-performing talent. join us!  startup of the year – business services industries  most innovative tech startup of the year – services
company > about us a global leader in artificial intelligence training data.leadership the team that leads shaip in the right direction.events & webinar global events that power artificial intelligence technologies.security & compliance adhere to the highest level of security & compliance. crowd wellness making an impact & giving back to the society.press room shaip’s press coverage in leading publications.partners partners that help us power artificial intelligence technologies.careers the best place for high-performing talent. join us!  startup of the year – business services industries  most innovative tech startup of the year – services
company > about us a global leader in artificial intelligence training data.leadership the team that leads shaip in the right direction.events & webinar global events that power artificial intelligence technologies.security & compliance adhere to the highest level of security & compliance. crowd wellness making an impact & giving back to the society.press room shaip’s press coverage in leading publications.partners partners that help us power artificial intelligence technologies.careers the best place for high-performing talent. join us!  startup of the year – business services industries  most innovative tech startup of the year – services
company >
about us a global leader in artificial intelligence training data.
leadership the team that leads shaip in the right direction.
events & webinar global events that power artificial intelligence technologies.
security & compliance adhere to the highest level of security & compliance.
crowd wellness making an impact & giving back to the society.
press room shaip’s press coverage in leading publications.
partners partners that help us power artificial intelligence technologies.
careers the best place for high-performing talent. join us!
startup of the year – business services industries
most innovative tech startup of the year – services
what we do bestai training datatextspeechimagevideoai data servicesdata collectiondata transcriptiondata annotation & labelingdata de-identification
ai training datatextspeechimagevideo
text
speech
image
video
ai data servicesdata collectiondata transcriptiondata annotation & labelingdata de-identification
data collection
data transcription
data annotation & labeling
data de-identification
data catalogs & licensingmedical data catalogspeech data catalogcomputer vision data catalog
medical data catalog
speech data catalog
computer vision data catalog
shaipcloud™ platform
solutionsspecialitynatural language processingcomputer visionconversational aiindustryhealthcare aiautomotiveretailuse casessentiment analysis servicesfacial recognitionvehicle damage assessment
specialitynatural language processingcomputer visionconversational ai
natural language processing
computer vision
conversational ai
industryhealthcare aiautomotiveretail
healthcare ai
automotive
retail
use casessentiment analysis servicesfacial recognitionvehicle damage assessment
sentiment analysis services
facial recognition
vehicle damage assessment
resourcescase studybuyer’s guidesample datasetsin the mediablog
case study
buyer’s guide
sample datasets
in the media
blog
companyaboutleadershipcrowd wellnessevents & webinarsecurity and compliancepress roompartnerscareers
about
leadership
crowd wellness
events & webinar
security and compliance
press room
partners
careers
contact
privacy policy
effective date: 09th october 2020
the previous version(s) of this statement is available here.
shaip takes the privacy of its customers seriously. this privacy policy (policy) explains how shaip collects, uses and shares customer information on the website https://www.shaip.com (“website”) and the shaip mobile application (“app” and together with the website, “website/app”). if you have any questions or concerns regarding this policy, please do not hesitate to contact us.
please review this privacy policy carefully. by using this site, you accept the terms of this privacy policy. additionally, by using this site you consent to our collection, use, disclosure and retention of your information as described in this privacy policy.
the effective date of this privacy policy is set forth at the top of this privacy policy. your continued use of the site after the effective date constitutes your acceptance of the amended privacy policy. any amended privacy policy will be published on this page and supersedes all previous versions. please check back periodically, and especially before you provide any personally identifiable information.
this policy applies to information we collect:
during and after your registration and/or during the execution of the jobs in our platform; in e-mail, text and other electronic messages between you and this website/app; through mobile and desktop applications you download from this website/app, which provides dedicated non-browser-based interaction between you and this website/app; when you interact with our advertising and applications on third-party websites and services if those applications or advertising include links to this policy. for details regarding the technologies we employ, the personal information we collect, as well as how to control or block tracking or to delete cookies, please refer to cookie policy.
data security and storage:
we have implemented measures designed to secure your personal information from accidental loss and from unauthorized access, use, alteration and disclosure.
the safety and security of your information also depends on you. where we have given you (or where you have chosen) a password for access to certain parts of our website/app, you are responsible for keeping this password confidential. do not to share your password with anyone, and do not reuse the password from this website/app on any other platform or service.
unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. although we do our best to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website/app. any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. we are not responsible for circumvention of any privacy settings or security measures contained on the website/app.
shaip uses third-party vendors and hosting partners for hardware, software, networking, storage, and related technologies to run our platform. company vendors and partners are compliant with the general data protection regulation (gdpr) per terms of service or contract. by using our platform, you authorize shaip to transfer, store, and use your information in the united states and any other country where we operate.
it does not apply to information collected by:
offline or through any other means, including on any other website/app operated by the company or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries); or any third party (including our affiliates and subsidiaries), including through any application or content (including advertising) that may link to or be accessible from the website/app.
please read this policy carefully to understand our policies and practices regarding your information and how we will treat it. if you do not agree with our policies and practices, your choice is not to use our website/app. by accessing or using this website/app, you agree to this privacy policy. this policy may change from time to time. your continued use of this website/app after we make changes is deemed to be acceptance of those changes, so please check the policy periodically for updates.
children under the age of 18
our website/app is not intended for children under 18 years of age, as stated in our terms & conditions. no one under age 18 may provide any personal information to the website/app. we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 18. if you are under 18, do not use or provide any information on this website/app or on or through any of its features/register on the website/app, make any purchases through the website/app, use any of the interactive or public comment features of this website/app or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may use. if we learn we have collected or received personal information from a child under 18 without verification of parental consent, we will delete that information. if you believe we might have any information from or about a child under 18, please contact us.
information we collect about you and how we collect it:
we collect several types of information from and about users of our website/app, including information:
by which you may be personally identified, such as first name, last name, e-mail id, job title, role, phone, mobile number, company name, country, dob, gender, linkedin id, address or any other information the website/app collects that is defined as personal data or personally identifiable information under an applicable law/any other identifier by which you may be contacted online or offline (“personal information”); that is about you but individually does not identify you, such as your recorded voice or videos; where you may record yourself for the purposes of image processing; about your internet connection, the equipment you use to access our website/app and usage details.
we collect this information:
directly from you when you provide it to us; automatically as you use the company products. information collected automatically may include usage details, ip addresses and information collected through cookies and other tracking technologies.
confidential information
shaip does not want to receive confidential or proprietary information from you through our website/mobile application. please note that any information or material sent to shaip will be deemed not to be confidential. by sending shaip any information or material, you grant shaip an unrestricted, irrevocable license to copy, reproduce, publish, upload, post, transmit, distribute, publicly display, perform, modify, create derivative works from, and otherwise freely use, those materials or information. you also agree that shaip is free to use any ideas, concepts, know-how, or techniques that you send us for any purpose. however, we will not release your name or otherwise publicize the fact that you submitted materials or other information to us unless: (a) we obtain your prior written permission to use your name; or (b) we first notify you that the materials or other information you submit to a particular part of this site will be published or otherwise used with your name on it; or (c) we are required to do so by law. personally-identifiable information that you submit to shaip for the purpose of receiving products or services will be handled in accordance with our company policies.
[note: please be aware that in certain circumstances, personal information may be subject to disclosure to government agencies pursuant to judicial proceeding, court order, or legal process.]
retention period
we will not retain personal information longer than necessary to fulfill the purposes for which it is processed, including the security of our processing complying with legal and regulatory obligations (e.g. audit, accounting and statutory retention terms), handling disputes, and for the establishment, exercise or defense of legal claims in the countries where we do business, but the circumstances may vary depending on the context and the services.
cookies
we, along with the service providers that help us provide the site, use “cookies”, which are small computer files sent to or accessed from your web browser or your device that contain information about your computer, such as a user id, user settings, browsing history and activities conducted while using the site. a cookie typically contains the name of the domain (internet location) from which the cookie originated, the “lifetime” of the cookie (i.e., when it expires) and a randomly generated unique number or similar identifier.
the website may use data collection tools to collect information from the device used to access the site, such as operating system type, browser type, domain and other system settings, as well as the operating system used and the country and time zone in which the computer or device is located.
web browsers allow some control of most cookies through the browser settings. to find out more about cookies, including how to manage and delete cookies, visit www.allaboutcookies.org.
by using this website you consent to have these cookies installed on your device. cookies may be cleared manually within your browser’s settings. to see your specific browser’s instructions on how to clear cookies, please follow the appropriate link below:
chrome: https://support.google.com/accounts/answer/9098093
edge: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/help/4027947/windows-delete-cookies
firefox: https://support.mozilla.org/en-us/kb/delete-cookies-remove-info-websites-stored
opera: https://www.opera.com/help/tutorials/security/cookies/
safari: https://support.apple.com/guide/safari/clear-your-browsing-history-sfri47acf5d6/mac
although users are not required to accept cookies, blocking or rejecting them may prevent access to some features available through the services. this site ignores “do not track” browser settings.
your rights
it is important to us that you are able to access and review the personal information we have about you and make corrections to it or delete it, as necessary.
eu data subjects have the following rights: (1) you have the right to request a copy of the data that we have related to you; (2) you have a right to correct data that we have related to you that is inaccurate or incomplete; (3) you can request the data to be erased from our records, and shaip will comply with that request when legally required to do so; (4) where certain conditions apply to have a right to restrict the processing; (5) you have the right to have the data we have related to you transferred to another organization; (6) you have the right to object to certain types of processing; (7) you have a right to object to automated processing; (8) and where applicable you have the right to file a complaint to the applicable supervisory authority.
california consumers have the right to request and receive (1) the categories of personal information shaip has collected about that consumer; (2) the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected; (3) the business or commercial purpose for collecting or selling personal information; (4) the categories of third parties with whom shaip shares personal information; and (5) the specific pieces of personal information shaip has collected about that consumer.
shaip does not discriminate in any way against an individual exercising his or her rights under any relevant data privacy statute or regulation, including the california consumer privacy act.
if you have any questions about your personal information, including making a request pursuant to the california consumer privacy act, please contact us at:
info@shaip.com
(866) 426-9412
ai data services
data annotation
data collection
data de-identification
data transcription
ai training data
text, speech, image, video
shaipcloud platform
speciality
nlp
computer vision
conversational ai
industry
healthcare ai
automotive ai
retail
banking & finance
ar & vr
company
about
leadership
events
partners
compliance
csr
crowd wellness
press room
careers
resources
case study
buyer’s guide
media
infographics
blogs
sample datasets
medical data catalog
speech data catalog
cv data catalog
contact us
(us): (866) 473-5655(row): (91) 80684-71130
info@shaip.comvendors@shaip.comcareer@shaip.com
vendor enrollment form
© 2018 – 2022 shaip | all rights reserved
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms of service
privacy policy
cookie policy
terms of service
