company
automotive
industrial
it networks
career
usa	choose your language		english			deutsch			usa
choose your language
english
deutsch
usa
company
automotive
industrial
it networks
career
investorsharebasic informationkey figuresshare pricebuy-back of sharesnews & publicationspress & interviewscorporate newsresearchad hoc announcementsfinancial reportsfinancial calendarannual shareholders' meetingarchivecorporate governance codedeclaration of compliancestatement on cgcremuneration system | executive boardrules of procedure | supervisory boardremuneration system | supervisory boardresumes | supervisory boardarchive
sharebasic informationkey figuresshare pricebuy-back of shares
basic information
key figures
share price
buy-back of shares
news & publicationspress & interviewscorporate newsresearchad hoc announcementsfinancial reports
press & interviews
corporate news
research
ad hoc announcements
financial reports
financial calendar
annual shareholders' meetingarchive
archive
corporate governance codedeclaration of compliancestatement on cgcremuneration system | executive boardrules of procedure | supervisory boardremuneration system | supervisory boardresumes | supervisory boardarchive
declaration of compliance
statement on cgc
remuneration system | executive board
rules of procedure | supervisory board
remuneration system | supervisory board
resumes | supervisory board
archive
mission statement
benefit from softing
business units
quality management
psirt
search
usa	choose your language		english			deutsch			usa
choose your language
english
deutsch
usa
you are here:
» company
» privacy policy
privacy policy
softing welcomes you as a visitor to our website and appreciates your interest in our products and services for the business units automotive, industrial, and it networks.
softing is very serious about taking steps to protect your data and ensure data confidentiality. softing wishes to inform you about the items of data that are collected when visiting our website, and how we process and utilize this data.
1. responsible party
the responsible party in the sense of data protection legislation comprises softing ag, softing automotive electronics gmbh, softing industrial automation gmbh, and softing it networks gmbh insofar as the aforementioned companies collect, process or utilize data.
2. consent
by using our website, you agree to our conditions of use, and also to the collection, processing and use of your data as explained in the text that follows. this privacy policy is updated regularly and modified as required to comply with changes to data protection legislation. you should therefore visit this page regularly in order to keep yourself informed of the current state of our privacy policy.
3. types of information
3.1 non-personal data
personal data explicitly permits inferences to be made about a specific person. this category includes such details as the company, name, date of birth, address, telephone number and email address of visitors to our website.
softing collects, processes and utilizes personal data only in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. data is transferred to third parties only if this is permissible according to the law.
3.1.1 use of cookies
we use cookies to make your visit to our website even more attractive. cookies are small text files which are stored on your computer and enable us to recognize your browser. with the help of cookies, we can improve the comfort and the quality of the services provided on the website.
cookies are also used to analyze the use of the website, in particular online advertising, in anonymized or pseudonymized form, to store general preferences of a user and to present to the respective user, on the basis of his / her preferences, special offers and services which are of interest to him / her on the website.
when you log in to the customer login area with your user name, we set up a "session cookie", which allows us to identify you for the duration of your visit. you can save this session cookie permanently for the purpose of a future automatic login with the function "remember login". the session cookie then contains parts of your logon data in encrypted form.
you can restrict or disable the use of cookies in your browser settings at any time. a use of our offers is also possible without cookies. however, this may result in certain limitations to the functionality and usability of our offer.
3.1.2. google analytics and google maps
these websites use google analytics, a web analytics service provided by google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland ("google"). the information generated by the cookies used about your visit to our website is usually transferred to google servers in europe and stored there. in some cases, however, a transfer and storage on servers in the usa is not excluded. ip anonymisation is activated on all company websites so that the ip address of users is shortened beforehand by google within member states of the european union or in other contracting states of the agreement on the european economic area. only in exceptional cases the full ip address is transmitted to a google server in europe or the usa and shortened there. on behalf of the operator of this website, google will use this information for the purpose of evaluating the use of the website by you, compiling reports on website activity and providing other services relating to website activity and internet usage to the website operator. the ip address transmitted by your browser as part of google analytics will not be merged with other google data. further information on the handling of user data can be found in google's privacy policy and terms of use: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-us and https://policies.google.com/terms?hl=en-us .
cookies from google analytics are only set on these websites if you consent to the use of cookies for analysis purposes in the cookie banner. if you do not give your consent, you may not be able to use all the functions of these websites to their full extent. you also have the option to prevent the collection and processing of data by google by downloading and installing the browser plugin available at the following link: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
this website uses the map service google maps via an api. the provider is google ireland limited, gordon house, barrow street, dublin 4, ireland. to use the functions of google maps, it is necessary to save your ip address. this information is usually transferred to a google server in europe and stored there. however, google does not exclude the possibility of transfer to servers in the usa. the provider of this site has no influence on this data transmission. the use of google maps is in the interest of an appealing presentation of our online offers and an easy location of the places indicated by us on the website. this represents a legitimate interest within the meaning of art. 6 (1) f gdpr.
more information on the handling of user data can be found in google's privacy policy: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en-us.
3.1.3 talention analytics
this website uses the program talention analytics, which serves the analysis of page views and page visitors. the talention analytics program is operated by tfi gmbh, lise-meitner-straße 5-9, 42119 wuppertal, germany. talention analytics uses persistent cookies, which enable talention to analyze the website by the user. the information stored in the cookie about the use of the website is transferred to the talention analytics web server and stored there. talention analytics anonymizes the ip address of the calling computer. the data transmitted by the browser of the calling computer in the context of the use of talention analytics will not be merged with other data of the user unless the user has given his or her corresponding consent. you can prevent the use of talention analytics if you prevent the storage of cookies by making the appropriate settings in your browser software. you can also permanently deactivate the talention analytics program by clicking on the link below. in this case, an opt-out cookie is set on your computer. this cookie is read out when you access this website and results in talention analytics not being executed. talention analytics will still not run if a do-not-track procedure (see https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/do_not_track_(software)) is activated in your browser.
disable talention analytics
the legal basis for the transmission of the usage data is art. 6 para. 1 lit. f dsgvo.
the provider has concluded a contract with tfi gmbh for order processing.
3.1.4 siteimprove
softing uses siteimprove analytics, a web analytics service provided by siteimprove gmbh. siteimprove analytics uses so-called cookies, which are text files that are stored on your computer and which allow an analysis of the use of the website by you. the information generated by cookies about your use of this website (including the visitor's encrypted ip address) is transmitted to a siteimprove server in denmark and stored there. siteimprove uses the information to evaluate the use of the website and to compile reports on website activity for the website operators. siteimprove will not transfer this information to third parties. ip addresses are not reversibly anonymized before collected data can be viewed through siteimprove analytics. the installation of cookies can be prevented by a corresponding setting of the browser software of the user. in this case, however, not all functions of this website can be used in full. by using this website, you agree to the processing of the data collected about you by siteimprove in the manner and for the purposes set out above.
you can prevent collection by siteimprove analytics by clicking the link below. this sets an opt-out cookie that prevents the future collection of your data when you visit this website.
disable siteimprove analytics
3.1.5 matomo (formerly piwik)
our website uses the matomo web analytics service (formerly piwik). matomo (formerly piwik) uses so-called cookies. cookies are small text files that are stored on your computer and allow us to analyze the use of our website. for this purpose, the usage information generated by the cookie (including your truncated ip address) is transmitted to our server and stored for usage analysis purposes, which in turn serves to optimize our website. your ip address is immediately anonymized during this process so that you as a user remain anonymous to us. the information generated by the cookie about your use of this website will not be disclosed to third parties. you may prevent the use of cookies by changing the relevant settings in your browser. please be advised, however, that in this case you may no longer be able to use the full functionality of this website. for more information, please go to: https://matomo.org/docs/privacy/.
3.1.6 aumago
softing industrial works with aumago gmbh, a provider of web analysis and target group marketing. aumago uses so-called cookies, a text file that is stored in the computer's browser and collects anonymous usage data. from this data, usage profiles can be created under a pseudonym. however, no personal data are collected. if ip addresses are collected, they are stored anonymously by deleting the last number block and are not merged with the cookies. the cookies are either aumago cookies or cookies from service providers served by aumago; krux digital inc., google inc. etc.
the user can delete the cookies directly in his browser at any time. aumago uses these data to evaluate the use of the website by the visitors and for the purpose of use-based online advertising.
3.1.7 social plugins
on our website you can also find so-called "social plug-ins". these are the functions of the respective social network, which allows you to share, for example, content of our website with your friends on social networks, or to recommend this content to others. we are currently using social plug-ins for the following providers:
3.1.7.1 linkedin
our website uses functions from the linkedin network. provider is the linkedin corporation, 2029 stierlin court, mountain view, ca 94043, usa. each time you visit one of our pages that have linkedin, a connection to linkedin servers is set. linkedin is informed that you have visited our internet pages with your ip address. when you click the "recommend" button of linkedin and you are logged in to your linkedin account, it is possible to assign your visit to our website and to your user account.
we would like to point out that as a provider of the pages we have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data as well as their use by linkedin.
for more information, see linkedin's privacy statement at https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy.
3.1.7.2 twitter
twitter is a microblogging service of the american company twitter, inc. (795 folsom st., suite 600, san francisco, ca 94107). if you are using softing services, e.g. one of our websites, which contains a twitter button, your browser also establishes a direct connection to the servers of twitter and loads the button from there. the information is sent to twitter that softing was called. even if you are not logged in, twitter can collect and store usage data as required. if you click the twitter buttons at softing and "tweet" information via the twitter window that opens, the twittered information is submitted to twitter. this information will be published in your twitter user profile.
we would like to point out that we, as a provider of the pages, have no knowledge of the content of the transmitted data as well as their use by twitter.
for more information on data collection, evaluation, and processing of your data by twitter, as well as your rights related to it, please refer to the privacy policy of twitter, which is available at http://twitter.com/privacy.
3.1.7.3 youtube
our websites use the youtube video platform operated by youtube llc, 901 cherry ave. san bruno, ca 94066 usa. youtube is a platform that enables playback of audio and video files.
when you load a page on our website, the integrated youtube player establishes a connection to youtube in order to ensure the technical transmission of the video or audio file. when the connection to youtube is established, data is transferred to youtube.
for information about the scope and purpose of data collection, the further processing and use of the data by youtube and your rights and the settings you can configure to protect your privacy, please refer to the youtube data protection notice.
3.1.7.4 xing
our website uses xing's share button. when you visit our website, your browser will connect to the servers of xing ag, gänsemarkt 43, 20354 hamburg, germany. this enables the share function . neither personal data are not stored. nor ip addresses are stored by xing. xing does not evaluate usage behavior.
you can read the latest information on data protection regarding the "share button" as well as further relevant information at https://www.xing.com/app/share?op=data_protection.
3.1.8 wisepops
we cooperate with wisepops sas, 49 rue jean de la fontaine, 75016 paris, france. wisepops is a provider that allows us to play pop-ups based on the user’s surfing behaviour. to this end, wisepops collects surf data and plays out pop-ups accordingly. cookies are set for this purpose. further information can be found at: https://wisepops.com/terms-of-service/.
we cooperate with zapier, inc. 548 market st. #62411. san francisco, ca 94104-5401, usa. zapier is an integration tool that allows us to integrate web applications such as wisepops and outlook calendar to automate mailing. zapier is gdpr compliant and does not sell the data to any third party. further information regarding data protection can be found at: https://zapier.com/help/account/data-management/data-privacy-at-zapier. further information about privacy policy can be found here: https://zapier.com/privacy.
3.1.9 optinmonster
optinmonster is a plugin of the company retyp, llc., 7732 maywood crest dr., west palm beach, fl 33412, usa (https://optinmonster.com). this allows us to provide our visitors with additional offers via pop-up on our website, for example, to enable registration of the email address in a newsletter or to point out actions. optinmonster uses cookies for this purpose. personal data is only collected through an active action of the customer (for example, the customer signs up for the newsletter via a popup). optinmonster does not store the collected data on its own servers but forwards such data to us directly. we have entered into an data processing agreement with optinmonster, in which we oblige optinmonster to protect your data in accordance with the applicable provisions of the gdpr. you can restrict or disable the use of cookies in your browser settings at any time. details on the handling of the customer’s personal data by optinmonster are described in more detail in optinmonster’s privacy policy (https://optinmonster.com/privacy/).
3.1.10 pardot mas
our website uses the pardot marketing automation system ("pardot mas") by pardot llc, 950 east paces ferry road, suite 3300 atlanta, ga 30326, usa. pardot mas is a salesforce software module for recording and evaluating the use of a website by website visitors. the processing of personal data by pardot llc, is carried out exclusively on our behalf and according to our instructions and is contractually stipulated by signing the standard contractual clauses (scc). the legal basis for the processing is consent (art. 6 para. 1 a) gpdr). if you give us your consent to use pardot (via cookie banner), pardot mas records your click path and uses it to create an individual usage profile using a pseudonym. for this purpose, cookies are used that enable your browser to be recognised. the cookies set are a "visitor cookie" and a "pardot app session 5 cookie". the "visitor cookie" generates an identification number that is used to recognise the browser of the website visitor. the identification number is a generated numerical code that has no meaning outside of pardot services. the "pardot app session cookie" is only set when a customer logs into the pardot app as a user. all cookies only receive the generated number code, so that personal conclusions are not possible. you can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future. you can edit your cookie settings at the end of this privacy policy. there you will also find our contact details. in addition, you can deactivate the creation of pseudonymised usage profiles at any time by configuring your internet browser so that cookies from the domain "pardot.com" are not accepted. however, this may lead to certain restrictions in the functions and user-friendliness of our offer.
3.2 personal data
personal data explicitly permits inferences to be made about a specific person. this category includes such details as the company, name, date of birth, address, telephone number and email address of visitors to our website.
softing collects, processes and utilizes personal data only in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. data is transferred to third parties only if this is permissible according to the law (cf. transfer to third parties, section 3.6.).
3.3 purpose of collection, processing or usage
the data that you make available to softing helps us to maintain and continually improve our high standard of personal support. we use your data only as described in this policy and in accordance with applicable data protection legislation. softing uses your information for the following purposes:
for order processing, for the delivery of ordered products and for the rendering of services;
for announcements about new products/the withdrawal of existing products,software updates, software upgrades, security patches, system enhancements,special offers and other items;
for updating and maintaining our data records to ensure that our products and services reach their intended recipients;
for general information about the products and services we provide;
for adjusting the information we provide to your needs in order to optimize our information service;
for creating personalized areas and protected content (e.g. user accounts);
for ensuring and monitoring the quality of information and advice received on contacting softing;
for contacting you directly, answering customer inquiries, replying with information about issues related to shipping and billing;
for conducting voluntary customer surveys;
for processing inquiries about vacancies;
for contractual fulfilment;
for administration and troubleshooting work related to our website; and to prevent misuse or other unlawful activities.
3.4 newsletter
if you have subscribed to one of our newsletters by confirming the button provided for this purpose, we collect and use your e-mail address for sending the newsletter.
to confirm your registration, we use the so-called double opt-in procedure. this means that we will send you a confirmation e-mail, with which you can confirm the newsletter subscription by clicking on the link provided for this purpose. only after confirmation you will receive our newsletter.
you can revoke your consent at any time with effect for the future by clicking on the unsubscribe link you find in each newsletter.
3.5 support form
softing provides a support form on its website (https://automotive.softing.com/service/support/support-form.html). if you contact softing via this form, softing will process the personal data (title, name, company, contact details, product information) you provide for the purpose of processing, documenting and tracking your request on the basis of art. 6 (1) (f) gdpr.
to process your request, softing uses the "service cloud" product from salesforce.com germany gmbh (hereinafter "salesforce"), erika-mann-str. 31, 80636 munich, germany. the aim is to be able to answer your support requests faster and more accurately and thus improve our customer service. the service cloud is based on the salesforce customer success platform. the processing of personal data by salesforce, is carried out exclusively on our behalf and according to our instructions and is contractually stipulated by signing the data processing agreement and the standard contractual clauses (scc). the legal basis for the processing is legitimate interest (art. 6 (1) (f) gdpr). by submitting your support request via, your data will be transferred to salesforce. if you do not agree with this data transfer, please contact us by other channels (e.g. contact form, phone, mail). all information on data protection at salesforce can be found at www.salesforce.com/uk/company/privacy/.
3.6 customer portal
the data entered in the registration process will only be processed and used for the purposes of the use of the online customer portal in compliance with the applicable data protection regulations. the collected data correspond to the data provided in the input mask for the registration. registration is only completed when the customer clicks the activation link after registration and confirms the registration (double-opt-in).
the usage of the customer portal can be terminated by submitting a written notification to softing (by post, fax or e-mail).
3.7 transfer of personal data
as a general rule, personal data is not transferred to third parties. note in particular that we do not engage in the business of reselling customer data. data may be transferred to the extent specified below:
to softing group affiliate companies, which are subject to either this privacy policy or one whose provisions provide the same level of protection;
to our service providers, e.g. for parcel delivery, letter post, credit card payments, recruiting management or the organization of training;
to government authorities, where a court order or other official directive has been served;
to other third parties, if there is a corresponding legal obligation, or if such a transfer of data is required in order to protect our rights or those of our customers (e.g. in order to assert or contest legal claims), or if you have given your permission for us todo so;
to send our newsletters. to this end, we forward your data to the extent necessary to these third companies. you can revoke this consent at any time with immediate effect (e.g., by clicking on the unsubscribe link you find in each newsletter).
3.8 virtual showroom
softing provides a virtual showroom which serves as a "location" for virtual events. the use of the showroom is voluntary and an additional offer from softing.
data collection
the use of the showroom requires a registration. you have two options for using the showroom:
use as a guest (limited use): no personal data is required.
use as a registered user (use of all functions - exclusive content and presentations are accessible): enter your name / pseudonym, an e-mail address and your company.
your data will be processed for the purpose of registration and use of the showroom. if you use the showroom as a guest, no personal data of you will be stored. if you use the showroom as a registered user, your data will be stored. you can revoke your consent or object to data processing at any time.
event registration
you can register for events via the registration form. the registration is verified via a double opt-in procedure (art. 6  (1) (a) gdpr). your data will be processed for the purpose of registration and that you can take part in the event. in the context of the respective virtual event, softing sends mailings to registered users. the mailings sent contain information about the booked event (e.g. when does the event start? under which link can the event be reached?). no advertising e-mails will be sent without your explicit consent. softing sends the e-mails described above via the salesforce tool pardot mas. for further information on data processing with pardot mas, please refer to section 3.1.10 of this data protection policy.
contact form
softing provides a contact form in the showroom. if you contact softing, softing processes the personal data (title, name, company, contact details) that you provide for the purpose of processing, documenting and following up your enquiry on the basis of art. 6 (1) (f) gdpr.
cookies
softing uses cookies to optimise the showroom and its services. all cookies that are not technically necessary are only set if you give us your consent (art. 6 (1) (a) gdpr). before entering the showroom, consent is requested via a cookie banner. you will find all information on the cookies used in the cookie banner. you can change your settings at any time by opening the cookie banner.
google analytics
softing uses google analytics. google analytics is only activated if you consent to its use in the cookie banner. all information on the use of google analytics can be found in section 3.1.2 of this privacy policy.
vimeo
softing uses vimeo as a video sharing platform in the showroom (vimeo llc, 555 west 18th street, new york 10011, usa). vimeo makes it possible to protect exclusive video material and make it accessible only to registered users. if you agree to the setting of cookies in the cookie banner, cookies will be set as soon as you call up a page in which a vimeo video is embedded. in this case, vimeo stores your ip address, browser type, operating system and other device information. in addition, web activities, e.g. session duration or jump requests, are tracked and stored. if you are also logged in as a registered member of vimeo, the data can be linked to your vimeo account. all information on the cookies set by vimeo can be found in the cookie banner. you can find more information on data protection at vimeo at https://vimeo.com/privacy.
external links
to make the showroom more attractive and offer more possibilities, softing provides additional functions. links to other providers have been included to enable these functions. clicking on these links will take you directly to the websites of these providers. you will recognize this by the change of url, for example. since softing no longer has any influence on the processing of your personal data from this point on, softing cannot accept any responsibility for this. for all external offers, please inform yourself directly about the data protection regulations on the selected websites. the following links are included in the showroom:
ms teams: for each event, softing creates a teams session that all registered users can join. the link to the session is stored in the showroom. the respective employee can be contacted directly via teams and questions can be asked. the use of teams is voluntary and serves as an additional function. all information on data protection with ms teams can be found at https://docs.microsoft.com/en-gb/microsoftteams/teams-privacy.
gotowebinar: softing uses gotowebinar from logmein ireland limited for live presentations. in the showroom, a link to the respective presentation / webinar is stored on an agenda graphic. if you click on the link, you will be redirected to the gotowebinar pages, where you must register again for the presentation with your name and e-mail address. registration is required by gotowebinar. you can find all information on data protection at gotowebinar under https://www.logmein.com/legal/privacy.
3.9 information security
softing makes every effort to put technical and organizational security measures in place that protect your personal data against deletion, modification, loss, misuse, unauthorized transfer or unauthorized access.
if you provide us with information via email, then confidentiality cannot be assured, since the content of emails can be read by third parties. you should provide us with confidential information in person or mail it to us via the postal service.
3.10 minors
softing does not collect, process or use personal data from minors. should softing discover that personal data from minors has been utilized unknowingly, then these items of data will be deleted without delay.
3.11 your rights
art. 15 gdpr: right of access:
you have the right to obtain confirmation as to whether or not personal data concerning you is being processed. where that is the case, you have the right of access to this personal data and the information specified in art. 15 gdpr.
art. 16 gdpr: right to rectification
you have the right to rectification without undue delay of inaccurate personal data concerning you and/or completion of your personal data stored by us.
art. 17 gdpr: right to erasure
you have the right to obtain the erasure of your personal data if one of the grounds described in art. 17 gdpr applies. however, this right does not apply if processing is required for exercising the right of freedom of expression and information, for compliance with a legal obligation, on the grounds of public interest, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
art. 18 gdpr: right to restriction of processing
you have the right to obtain restriction of processing if one of the prerequisites listed in art. 18 gdpr applies. this concerns situations, for example, in which you objected to processing pending verification of whether our legitimate grounds override yours.
art. 19 gdpr: right to obtain notification
if you asserted your right to correction, erasure or restriction of processing vis-à-vis the controller, the controller is obligated to notify all recipients to which the controller disclosed your personal data accordingly – unless such notification proves impossible or involves disproportionate effort. you have the right to be informed about those recipients.
art. 20 gdpr: right to data portability
you have the right to receive the personal data provided to us or obtain transmission to a different controller, where technically feasible.
article 7 (3) gdpr: right to withdraw consent
you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time with effect for the future. in this case, we will erase the data concerned without undue delay, unless further processing can be based on a legal basis for processing requiring no consent.
art. 21 gdpr: right to object
if the data is collected based on article 6 (1) f gdpr (data processing for the purposes of legitimate interests), you have the right to object to the processing of this data at any time on grounds relating to your particular situation. we will then no longer process the personal data.
art. 77 gdpr: right to lodge a complaint
if you consider that the processing of personal data relating to you infringes the gdpr, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority.
3.12 lnquiries and feedback
softing is happy to respond to inquiries about your personal data as used by softing, in particular where this involves legitimate requests for information or for the correction, amending or deletion of data.
if you have any other questions or suggestions regarding data protection, our data protection officer will be happy to advise you at any time. he can be reached at the following address: softing data protection officer: mr. robert jeffares data business services gmbh & co kgjeffares[at]data-business-services[dot]com
last updated on april 2021
legal
imprint
privacy policy
company details
contact
softing ag richard-reitzner-allee 6 d-85540 haar
+49 (0) 89 456 56-0
navigation
investor
mission statement
benefit from softing
business units
quality management
psirt
mailing list
you can subscribe to our investor relations mailing list to receive the latest information and financial reports from softing ag by email.
copyright © 2022 all rights reserved by softing ag | design und typo3 by belsignum webagentur
imprint
privacy policy
company details
contact
softing
richard-reitzner-allee 6 d-85540 haar
parkinglist of hotels
+49 89 4 56 56-0
+49 89 4 56 56-399info[at]softing[dot]com
about cookies
this website uses cookies. those have two functions: on the one hand they are providing basic functionality for this website. on the other hand they allow us to improve our content for you by saving and analyzing anonymized user data. you can redraw your consent to using these cookies at any time. find more information regarding cookies on our data protection declaration and regarding us on the imprint.
these cookies are needed for a smooth operation of our website.
with the help of these cookies we are able improve our offer for our users by providing them additional content and services.
with the help of these cookies we strive to improve our offer for our users. by means of anonymized data of website users we can optimize the user flow. this enables us to improve ads and website content.
