home
about us  mission sos team board of directors sos history business partners
mission
sos team
board of directors
sos history
business partners
programs  kids transition age adults
kids
transition age
adults
events
shop
contact us  sos faq’s employment connect with us
sos faq’s
employment
connect with us
housing initiatives  oak tree farm  apply to live @ otf donate to oak tree farm buy a brick campaign otf faq’s   village vision
oak tree farm  apply to live @ otf donate to oak tree farm buy a brick campaign otf faq’s
apply to live @ otf
donate to oak tree farm
buy a brick campaign
otf faq’s
village vision
stats & resources
privacy policy
the following describes the privacy policy for https://soscaresc.org.
privacy policy scope
https://soscaresc.org (“the site”) is owned and operated by sos health care, inc. sos care is committed to protecting your personal information, being transparent about what information we collect and giving you control over how we use it.
for purposes of this privacy policy, “personal information” means information that identifies and can be used to contact a particular individual, and “non-personal information” means data in a form that does not permit direct association with any specific individual.
the purpose of this privacy policy is to give you a clear explanation about how sos care collects, uses and protects personal and non-personal information when you use our website and/or purchase our products or services, collectively called our “services”. it is important for you to read this policy in full to understand what information we hold about you, how we may use it and how you can access, update and delete your personal information. however, if you don’t have time to read the whole policy now, here are the main reasons we collect different information about our users:
to help us monitor, analyze and improve our services;
to obtain payment for product or service orders;
to fulfill product or service orders;
to provide you with a more personalized and valuable experience;
to send you details about our services and other information we feel is of value to you, where you have signed up to receive such marketing communications;
to help sell online advertising space.
to be able to do these things, it’s important we collect and analyze data including who our users are and how they use our services.
what information does sos care collect about me?
we may collect information about you from a variety of sources, including information we collect from you directly; information we collect about you when you visit our sites, use our services, or view our online advertisements; and information we collect about you from other sources (where permitted by law).
information you provide directly:
we collect information directly from you when you choose to participate in our offers and programs or otherwise provide information directly to us. the following are examples of information we may collect directly from you:
information we collect when you visit our sites, use our services, or view our online advertisements:
we may use cookies, web beacons, personalized retargeting and other technologies to collect non-personal information about you when you visit our site, use our services, or view online advertisements. we use these technologies to provide you a more personalized and richer consumer experience at https://soscaresc.org. we do not store any of your personal information in cookies, web beacons or other technologies on your computer.
third party vendors, use cookies to serve ads based on a user’s prior visits to a website. this lets companies provide you with targeted advertisements which are more relevant to you and your interests. often called “interest based advertising” it is done by grouping together shared interests based upon previous web browsing activity.
the site may use other tracking tools, including web beacons. web beacons are images on the site (or in emails that the site sends to you) that help us determine what parts of the site you have visited, whether you have opened an email that we have sent to you, or otherwise to measure the effectiveness of the site. these technical methods may involve the transmission of information directly to us or to a service provider authorized by us to collect information on our behalf.
personalized retargeting is another form of internet based advertising that enables our advertiser partners to show you ads based on your online browsing away from https://soscaresc.org. for example, if you visited the website of an online book store you may start seeing adverts from the same book store displaying special offers or showing you the products that you were browsing when you come to https://soscaresc.org. this allows companies to advertise to people who previously visited their website.
although these internet based advertising technologies can track your visits around the web they do not identify who you are personally. even if you sign in to https://soscaresc.org, the internet based advertising data is still not linked to your personal information.
the following are examples of information we may collect with these technologies:
your browser type and operating system.
web pages you view.
links you click.
ip address.
site you visited before coming to our site.
sos care emails you open and/or forward
sos care offers or links you connect to via emails.
information we collect from other sources:
we may obtain information about you from other sources, including social media sharing sites and commercially available sources, such as data aggregators and public databases. the following are examples of information we may collect from other sources.
name, postal address.
age or date of birth.
income level.
marital status and number of children.
your interests such as hobbies and pets.
consumer and market research data.
purchase behavior.
publicly observed data or activities, such as blogs, videos, internet postings, user generated content, and in-store shopping behavior.
the data these sources hold about you has been collected from publicly available records, such as voter registration data, or via a range of sources with your permission (such as where you have agreed, through opt-in, for your information to be shared with third parties).
how can sos care use my information?
sos care may use the information we collect about you in the following ways:
how may sos care share my information?
we take very seriously our responsibility to maintain your privacy with respect to your information. accordingly, we will only share that information under these circumstances:
with entities that provide services on our behalf, including website development, maintenance and support, payment processing, email distribution, and promotions management, only to the extent that these entities need the information to perform their services or as required by law, unless any additional use or sharing of the information is separately permitted under another provision of this privacy policy;
with identified entities whose products or services you specifically use or request to receive while you use the site;
when we believe that doing so is required by law, may be necessary to protect any person’s property, rights, or safety, or to investigate a potential violation of law
when to do so will help to enforce any terms of use or other legal agreement, or will help resolve disputes that arise in the ordinary course of business
in the event of a corporate transaction, such as a divestiture, merger,
consolidation, or asset sale;
in aggregated or other non-personally identifiable form; or
in accordance with your consent.
how does sos care protect my information?
we will take reasonable and appropriate technical and organizational precautions to prevent the loss, misuse or alteration of your personal information.
however, you acknowledge that the transmission of information over the internet is inherently insecure, and no method of data transmission or storage can be guaranteed 100% secure. accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of any data you transmit to us via the internet or archive at this site.
your choice and control of your information
you have the choice to opt out of having your information used or disclosed for certain purposes.
opting out of collection of personal information: you may, of course, decline to submit any personal information through https://soscaresc.org, in which case https://soscaresc.org may not be able to provide certain services to you.
opting out of collection of non-personal information: you have the choice to delete and disable cookies, and other tracking/recording tools that collect non-personal information described above in this privacy policy. note that disabling cookies on your mobile device or browser prevents https://soscaresc.org or its business partners from tracking your browser’s activities in relation to the service, and for use in targeted online advertising. however, doing so may also disable many of the features available through https://soscaresc.org and therefore limit the full experience of engaging with our service.
instructions for blocking and deleting cookies are available at http://www.allaboutcookies.org/manage-cookies/.
you can opt out of the use of cookies by some third-party vendors by going to the network advertising initiative’s opt -out page located at http://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp/ and or at the digital advertising alliance (daa) consumer choice page: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
you can opt-out of the teracent cookie at the teracent opt-out page located at http://www.teracent.com/about-us/opt-out.
you can also change your privacy preferences regarding the use of cookies and similar technologies through your browser. you may set your browser to accept all cookies, block certain cookies, require your consent before a cookie is placed in your browser, or block all cookies. please consult the “help” section of your browser for more information. these options are sometimes referred to as “do not track” choices.
because do not track protocol is not yet finalized, this site’s information collection and disclosure practices, and the choices that it provides to consumers, will continue to operate as described in this policy, whether or not a do not track signal is received.
using this website without opting out means that you understand and agree to data collection to provide you with interest-based advertising.
you have the choice to access, update and correct your personal information.
you control the communications you receive from us.
we only send you promotional mobile or email messages if you explicitly ask to receive these. (you opt in). you can stop receiving promotional mobile and email messages from https://soscaresc.org by following the instructions provided in any such message you receive from https://soscaresc.org.
you have the choice to request certain information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties for their direct marketing purposes.
to request this information, please send a letter with your first name, last name, mailing address, and email address used to access our service to:
5276 highway 17 businessmurrells inlet, sc 29576
children’s privacy
if you are a parent or guardian who determines that your child under the age of 18 has submitted his or her personal information without your consent or knowledge, we will remove the personal information from public display, at your request. certain postings by minors who registered to the site without parental permission may also be removed upon request, subject to applicable laws. to request the removal of information, contact the site administrator per the “contact us” terms, including in your request the same login or registration information that the child submitted.
changes in this privacy policy
sos care may, in its sole discretion, modify or update this privacy policy from time to time, and so you should review this page periodically. when we change the policy in a material manner we will update the ‘last modified’ date at the top of this page.
this policy is part of our terms and conditions of use
our website privacy policy is a part of, and subject to, our website’s terms conditions of use. you may view these terms and conditions on our website.
contact us
if you have any questions or concerns about the online privacy policy for this site or its implementation you may contact us at
5276 highway 17 businessmurrells inlet, sc 29576
this document is copyright © 2014 law office of lory moore pllc, and licensed for use by the owner of this website at https://soscaresc.org. all rights reserved. no portion of this document may be copied or used by anyone other than the licensee without the express written permission of the copyright owner.

independence starts here
empowering those with disabilities
about us
stats & resources
contact us
faqs
member login
team login
copyright 2012 - 2020 by sos health care. website design, lead generation and marketing by mb buzz terms and conditions | privacy policy sos care, 5276 highway 17 business murrells inlet, sc 29576 (843) 449-0554
