home
productstaxi dispatch softwareuber for tow trucksuber for laundryuber for handyman servicesuber for multi servicesdelivery route planning softwaredoctor booking app
taxi dispatch software
uber for tow trucks
uber for laundry
uber for handyman services
uber for multi services
delivery route planning software
doctor booking app
clone scriptslyft clonegojek clonecabify clonegrab cloneubereats clone
lyft clone
gojek clone
cabify clone
grab clone
ubereats clone
blog
expert consultation
privacy policy spotntow

how we use the information we gather from users
since privacy is a fundamental right, we at spotnrides.com respects the privacy of the user and is committed to protecting the information you provide us through this website. we assure that no personal data is sold or distributed to any third parties. for the purpose of serving user needs and respond to their queries, we collect their information.
data security agreement
the security and privacy of your data is the utmost priority for spotnrides. so, we are devoted to respecting your online privacy and management of any personal information you share with us. spotnrides.com strive continuously to improve the privacy policy to maintain the trustworthiness of users.
gathering user information
while accessing spotnrides.com, the browser’s domain name and internet address is collected and placed in our access logs automatically. we need this information to learn about the user.
information collected while using the applicationwhile using our application, in order to provide features of our application, we may collect, with your prior permission:
information regarding your location
pictures and other information from your device’s camera and photo library
we use this information to provide features of our service, to improve and customize our service. the information may be uploaded to the company’s servers and/or a service provider’s server or it may be simply stored on your device.
you can enable or disable access to this information at any time, through your device settings
using personal data
personal information in the sense any information that may be used to identify an individual like his name, personal address and an email address or any other contact information. but that doesn’t mean you have to reveal your information while visiting spotnrides.com.
if you choose to give your personal information, we may send it to third-party service providers which may be present across the borders out of our country’s jurisdiction.
spotnrides.com works hard to comply with appropriate laws around the globe that are designed to protect your privacy. although legal requirements may vary from country to country, spotnrides.com intends to adhere to the principles set forth in this online privacy policy even if, in connection with the above, we transfer your personal information from your country to countries that may not require an “adequate” level of protection for your personal information. in other words, our goal is to provide protection for your personal information no matter where that personal information is collected, transferred, or retained.
cookies
spotnrides.com website may use cookies to assist in producing overall site visitor statistics. cookies cannot be used to find any personal information of a user. it is possible to disable cookies on your computer by changing the settings in your browser.
disclosure of user experience
spotnrides.com does not rent, sell, or share personal information about you with other parties. as already mentioned, if you have submitted your user information, spotnrides maintains your privacy and ensure security.
we may disclose information in the following circumstances
we provide the information to parties who work for spotnrides.com under extremely strict confidentiality agreements.
we are bound to answer to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, and to establish or exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims.
we believe it is indispensable to share information in order to investigate, take action regarding illegal acts, and suspected frauds to the court of law.
links to third party sites
spotnrides.com website will provide links to other third party sites. spotnrides.com is not responsible for the contents or policies of these websites. these links are provided to you for convenience purposes only and spotnrides.com is not liable for the inaccuracy of any information on such sites. these sites may send their own cookies to users, or otherwise collect data or solicit personal information. if the spotnrides.com website links you to any third-party website, we make no representation as to the existence, sufficiency, accuracy or completeness of their privacy policy.
disclosure of user information
the products, technology and services described in our site may be the subject of intellectual property rights reserved by spotnrides.com. nothing contained herein shall be construed as conferring to you in any manner, whether by implication, any license, title or ownership of or to any intellectual property right of spotnrides.com.
[email protected]
+91 70943 44705
whatsapp
skype
products
taxi dispatch software
uber for tow trucks
uber for laundry services
uber for handyman services
uber for multi services
delivery route planning software
doctor booking app
clone scripts
lyft clone
gojek clone
cabify clone
grab clone
ubereats clone
other links
privacy policy
terms & conditions
follow us on
copyright © 2017 - 2021 powered by uplogic technologies pvt ltd all rights reserved.
we have used the term “uber”, “lyft”, “gojek”, “cabify”, “grab”, “ubereats” etc. to explain the workflow of ride-hailing in detail. as an independent app-development player in the market, we are in no way a part of cabify technologies inc. or connected to them in any way. our intention is just to illustrate our way of providing taxi services with the above terms and we wish to disrepute any taxi-services company anywhere.
trademark legal notice: the product name called spotnrides trademarks and registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. all product and service names used in the spotnrides website are for identification purposes only. the use of spotnrides trademarks and brands does not imply endorsement.
