phone  +49 8233 846-0
address  info@sp-samson.com
home englisch
productsgraphiplast® labels and tagsweather-resistant and robust data carriers for particularly rough environments. resistant to extreme heat.the robust onesfortobond® labelspermanent, high-contrast identification as an innovative alternative to laser or mechanical engraving.the permanent onesid4track® labels and tagsautomated identification using rfid for reliable material flow organisation. the electronic ones
graphiplast® labels and tagsweather-resistant and robust data carriers for particularly rough environments. resistant to extreme heat.the robust onesfortobond® labelspermanent, high-contrast identification as an innovative alternative to laser or mechanical engraving.the permanent onesid4track® labels and tagsautomated identification using rfid for reliable material flow organisation. the electronic ones
graphiplast® labels and tags
fortobond® labels
id4track® labels and tags
references
s+p samsoncompanywho we are. what we do. what we stand for.find out moreteamthe people behind s+p samson. your contacts.meet the team
companywho we are. what we do. what we stand for.find out moreteamthe people behind s+p samson. your contacts.meet the team
company
team
careers
journal
downloads
contact
home
data protection
privacy statement of s+p samson gmbh in accordance with gdpr
1. name and contact details of the person responsible for processing and the company’s data protection officer
this data protection information applies to the processing of data by: s+p  samson gmbh, industriestr. 32, 86438 kissing, germany
controller: s+p samson gmbh, industriestraße 32, 86438 kissing, germany; tel. +49 8233 846-0, info@sp-samson.com, ceo mr. karl tochtermann
the data protection officer of s+p samson gmbh can be contacted as follows: datenschutz@sp-samson.com

2. collection and storage of personal data, and the type and purpose of its use
a) when visiting the website
when you visit our website www.sp-samson.com the browser used on your terminal device will automatically send information to the server of our website. this information is stored temporarily in a log file. the following information will be recorded without your involvement and stored until it is deleted automatically:
ip-address of the requesting computer
date and time of the access
name and url of the accessed file
website from which the access takes place (referrer url)
browser used and, if applicable, your computer’s operating system and the name of your access provider.
we will process the above data for the following purposes:
to ensure that the connection is established without any problems,
to ensure that the use of our website is comfortable,
to evaluate system security and stability
other administrative purposes.
the legal basis for data processing is article 6(1)(f) gdpr. our legitimate interest ensues from the purposes of data collection listed above. we will never use the collected data for the purpose of identifying you as an individual. in addition, we use cookies and analytical services during your visit to our website. you can find further details in points 4 and 5 of this privacy statement.
b) when you subscribe to our newsletter
if you have given your explicit consent in accordance with article 6(1)(a) gdpr, we will use your email address to send you our newsletter at regular intervals. to receive our newsletter, you only need to enter your email address and to complete the mandatory fields in the newsletter form. you can unsubscribe at any time, for instance, by using the link at the end of each newsletter. alternatively, you can also send your unsubscribe request at any time by email to info@sp-samson.com.
c) when you use our contact form
for questions of any kind we offer you the option to contact us via a contact form that is provided on our website. this requires entering a valid email address so that we know who the enquiry is from and to enable us to reply. any further information can be provided on a voluntary basis. data processing for the purpose of contacting us is in accordance with article 6(1)(a) gdpr on the basis of your consent which you have given voluntarily. the personal data collected by us in the course of using the contact form will be deleted automatically when the enquiry you made has been concluded.
d) video conferences
when we invite you to a video conference we use microsoft teams. you can find the microsoft privacy statement here: https://privacy.microsoft.com/de-de/privacystatement

3. passing on data
we will not pass your personal data to any third parties except for the purposes stated below. we will only pass your personal data to third parties if:
you have given your explicit consent in accordance with article 6 (1)(a) gdpr,
passing on your data in accordance with article 6 (1)(f) gdpr is required to assert, exercise or defend any legal rights and there is no reason to assume that you have an overriding protectable interest that would prevent us from passing on your data,
there is a legal obligation in accordance with article 6 (1)(c) gdpr to pass on your data, to the extent permitted by law, and if this is required in the course of our contractual relationship with you, in accordance with article 6 (1)(b) gdpr.

4. cookies
we use cookies on our website. cookies are small files generated automatically by your browser and they will be stored on your terminal device (laptop, tablet, smartphone or similar) when you visit our website. cookies do not cause any damage on your terminal device, they do not contain viruses, trojans or other malware. the cookie is used to store information relating to the specific terminal device used. however, this does not mean that we will be able to obtain direct information about your identity.
we use cookies to make it more comfortable for you to use our website. for instance, we use what is referred to as session cookies to detect whether you have visited individual pages on our website before. they will be deleted automatically when you leave our website. in addition, we use temporary cookies to optimise the ease of use, they will be stored on your terminal device for a defined period. if you are visiting our website again to use our services it will be detected automatically that you have already visited us as well as the entries and settings you made, so that you don’t have to enter them again.
we also use cookies to collect statistical data about the use of our website and to evaluate it to enable us to optimise our offer (refer to number 5). these cookies enable us to recognise automatically that you have already visited our website when you visit it again. these cookies will be deleted automatically after a defined period.
the data we process through cookies is required for the purposes stated to protect our legitimate interests as well as those of third parties in accordance with article 6 (1)(f) gdpr. most browsers accept cookies automatically. however, you can configure your browser to prevent cookies from being stored on your computer or to display an alert before a new cookie is created. deactivating the use of cookies altogether, however, may mean that you will not be able to use all of the functions on our website.

5. analytical tools
a) tracking tools
we use the tracking methods listed below on the basis of article 6(1)(f) gdpr. we use tracking methods to ensure that the design of our website meets all the requirements and to ensure the continuous optimisation of our website. we also use the tracking measures to collect statistical data on the use of our website and to enable us to optimize our offering for you. these are to be considered as legitimate interests as defined by the aforementioned regulation. the purposes of data processing and the data categories for the individual tracking tools are listed below.
i) google analytics
for the purposes of ensuring a design that is in line with requirements and the continuous optimization of our webpages we use google analytics, a web analysis service provided by google inc. (www.google.de/intl/de/about/) (1600 amphitheatre parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, usa; referred to as “google” in the following). this includes the creation of pseudonymised user profiles and the use of cookies (refer to point 4). the information generated by the cookie about your use of the website, such as the
browser type/ version,
operating system used,
referrer-url (previously visited website),
host name of the accessing computer (ip address),
time of the server request
will be transferred to one of google’s servers in the us and stored there. this information is used for the purpose of evaluating your use of the website, to compile reports on website activity for the website operator and to provide other services relating to website activity and internet usage, for the purposes of market research and needs-based design of these webpages. this information may also be transferred to third parties if this is required by law or insofar as third parties are tasked with processing this data. your ip address will never be associated with any other data held by google. the ip addresses are anonymised to ensure that correlation is not possible (ip masking).
you can refuse the use of cookies by selecting the appropriate settings in your browser software; however, please note that you may not be able to use the full functionality of this website in this case. you can also prevent the collection of data generated by the cookie and relating to your use of the website (including your ip address), as well as its processing by google, by downloading and installing a browser add-on (https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=de).
as an alternative to a browser add-on and, for browsers on mobile terminal devices, in particular, you can prevent collection via google analytics by clicking on this link. an opt-out cookie will be placed which prevents the future collection of your data when visiting this website. the opt-out cookie applies to this browser and our website only and will be stored on your device. when you delete the cookies in this browser you need to place the opt-out cookie again.
you can find further information on data protection with regard to google analytics in the google analytics help function (https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de).
ii) google adwords conversion tracking
we also use google conversion tracking to collect statistical data about the use of our website and to analyse this data to enable us to optimise our website for you. if you arrived on our website via a google ad, google adwords will place a cookie (refer to point 4) on your computer. these cookies loose their validity after 30 days and are not used for personal identification. if the user visits certain pages of the adwords customer’s website and the cookie has not yet expired, google and the customer can see that the user has clicked on the ad and has been redirected.
each adwords customer receives a different cookie. cookies can therefore not be tracked via the websites of adwords customers. the information obtained via the conversion cookie will be used to compile conversion statistics for adwords customers who chose conversion tracking. the adwords customer find out the total number of users who have clicked on their ad and who have been redirected to a page which contains a conversion tracking tag. however, they do not received any information which enables them to personally identify any users. if you do not wish to participate in the tracking process, you can reject the placing of cookies – for instance, via a browser setting that deactivates the placing of cookies altogether. you can also deactivate cookies for conversion tracking by changing the settings in your browser to block cookies by the domain “www.googleadservices.com”. google’s privacy statement for conversion tracking is available here (https://services.google.com/sitestats/de.html).
iii) matomo
we use the open source software matomo to analyse and collect statistical data on the use of our website. we use cookies for this purpose (refer to point 4). the information about the website use generated by the cookie is transferred to our servers and aggregated in pseudonymised user profiles. the information is used to analyse the use of our website and to enable us to tailor the design of our website in line with requirements. the information is not passed to any third parties. the ip address will never be associated with any other user data. the ip addresses are anonymised to ensure that correlation is not possible (ip masking). your visit of this website is currently being captured by matomo web analysis. please click here (https://matamo.org/docs/privacy/) if you do not wish your visit to be captured.

6. social media plug-ins
based on article 6(1)(f) gdpr we use social media plug-ins for the social media services facebook, twitter and instagram to increase our company’s public profile.  this is for the purpose of advertising and is to be considered a legitimate interest as defined by the gdpr. it is the responsibility of the individual providers to ensure that their operations are compliant with data protection regulations. we embed these plug-ins using the two-click method to provide the best protection possible for the users of our website.
a) facebook
our website contains social media plug-ins by to provide a more personalised experience. we use the “like” or “share” button for this purpose. this is provided by facebook. if you access a page on our website which contains such a plug-in your browser will establish a direct connection with the facebook servers. facebook will transmit the content of the plug-in directly to your browser, and the browser will embed this content into the website. by embedding the plug-ins, facebook receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have a facebook account or are not currently logged into facebook. your browser will then transmit this information (including your ip address) directly to a facebook server in the us and stored there. when you are logged into facebook, facebook can allocate the visit to our website directly to your facebook account. when you interact with the plug-ins, for instance, press the “like” or “share” button the corresponding information will also be directly transmitted to a facebook server and stored there. the information is also published on facebook and displayed to your facebook friends.
facebook may use this information for the purposes of advertising, market research and to design the facebook pages in line with requirements. facebook will create usage, interest and relationship profiles, for instance, to analyse your use of our website with regard to the adverts shown to you on facebook, to inform other facebook users about your activities on our website and to provide other services associated with the use of facebook.
if do not want facebook to associate the data collected about our website with your facebook account you need to log out of your facebook account before you visit our website. you can find the purpose and scope of the data collected and how it is processed and used by facebook, as well as your rights in this regard and the settings options for the protection of your privacy in facebook’s privacy policy (https://www.facebook.com/about/privacy/).
b) twitter
we have integrated plug-ins of the network for short messages provided by twitter inc. (twitter) on our webpages. you can recognise the twitter plug-ins (tweet button) from the twitter logo on our website. an overview of the tweet buttons is available here (https://about.twitter.com/resources/buttons). if you access a page on our website which contains such a plug-in your browser will establish a direct connection with the twitter server. twitter will receive the information that you have visited our webpage using your ip address. when you click on the twitter “tweet button” while you are logged into your twitter account you can link the content of our pages in your twitter profile. this enables twitter to associate the visit to our website with your user account. we would like to point out that, as the provider of the webpages, do not have any knowledge of the content of the transmitted data, nor or their use by twitter.
if you do not want twitter to be able to associate your visit to our webpages, please log out of your twitter user account. further information is available in twitter’s privacy policy (https://twitter.com/privacy).
c) instagram
our website also includes social plug-ins („plug-ins“) by instagram which is operated by instagram llc., 1601 willow road, menlo park, ca 94025, usa (“instagram”). the plug-ins are identified by an instagram logo, for instance, in the form of an “instagram camera”. if you access a page on our website which contains such a plug-in your browser will establish a direct connection with the instagram servers. instagram will transmit the content of the plug-in directly to your browser, and the browser will embed this content into the webpage. by embedding the plug-ins instagram receives the information that your browser has accessed the corresponding page of our website, even if you do not have an instagram profile or are not currently logged into instagram. your browser will then transmit this information (including your ip address) directly to an instagram server in the us and stored there. when you are logged into instagram, instagram can associate the visit to our website directly with your instagram account. when you interact with the plug-ins, for instance, by pressing the “instagram” button the corresponding information will also be directly transmitted to an instagram server and stored there. the information will also be published in your instagram account and displayed to your contacts.
if you do not want instagram to associate the data collected about our website with your instagram account you need to log out of your instagram account before you visit our website. further information is available in instagram’s privacy policy (https://help.instagram.com/155833707900388).

7. rights of the data subject
you have the right,
in accordance with article 15 gdpr, to request information about your personal data that we process. the information you can request includes, but is not limited to the purposes of data processing, the category of personal data, the categories of recipients to whom your data has been or will be disclosed, the envisaged period for which your data will be stored, the existence of the right to request rectification, erasure, restriction of processing or to object to such processing, the source of the data if the data was not collected by us as well as the existence of automated decision-making including profiling and any meaningful information about its details;
in accordance with article 16 gdpr, to request the rectification of incorrect or incomplete personal data stored by us without undue delay;
in accordance with article 17 gdpr, to request the erasure of your personal data we store, unless the processing of this data is required to exercise the right of freedom of expression and information, to comply with a legal obligation, on the grounds of public interest or to assert, exercise or defend a claim;
in accordance with article 18 gdpr, to request the restriction of processing your personal data where you contest the accuracy of the data, where processing is unlawful, but you contest their erasure and where we no longer require the data, but you require them to assert, exercise or defend a claim or, if you have objected to processing in accordance with article 21 gdpr;
in accordance with article 20 gdpr, to receive your personal data you have provided to us, in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format or to request its transmission to another controller;
in accordance with article 7 (3) gdpr, to withdraw your consent at any time. this means that we must not continue the data processing which was based on this consent in the future, and
in accordance with article77 gdpr, to file a complaint with regulatory authority. as a rule, you can contact the regulatory authority near your residence or workplace, or near our registered office.

8. right to object
where your personal data is processed on the basis of legitimate interest, in accordance with article 6(1)(f) gdpr, you have the right to object to the processing of your personal data in accordance with article 21 gdpr, on grounds relating to your particular situation or if the objection is against processing for direct marketing purposes. with the latter, you have a general right to object and this will be implemented by us without requiring a particular situation.
if you would like to exercise your right to withdraw your consent or your right to object, an email to info@sp-samson.com.

9. data security
within the visit to the website we use the widely used ssl (secure socket layer) method, combined with the highest encryption level your browser supports. as a rule, this will be 256-bit encryption. if your browser does not support 256-bit encryption, we will use 128-bit v3 technology instead. you can see from the locked padlock (and/or key) symbol in your browser’s status bar whether the transmission of individual pages of our website is encrypted.
we used appropriate technical organisational security measures to protect your data against accidental or intentional manipulation, partial or complete loss, destruction and unauthorised access by third parties. we are improving our security measures continuously in line with technological developments.

10. current status and changes to this privacy statement
this privacy statement is currently valid and was last updated in may 2018. it may be necessary to make changes to this privacy statement from time to time, as we develop our website and our offering on the website further, and/or due to changes in legal and/or regulatory requirements. the current version of our privacy statement is available on our website at www.sp-samson.com/datenschutzwhere you can download and print if, if required.


download our privacy statement and information for potential customers and customers

download our privacy statement and information for employees and job applicants




s+p samson gmbh
adress industriestraße 32
86438 kissing
germany
phone +49 8233 846-0
fax +49 8233 846-299
email info@sp-samson.com
design credits
data protection
tcd
tcp
sitemap
compliance
we use technically necessary cookies to operate this website. you can read about their use in our privacy policy.
