productsstriim platformstriim cloud
striim platform
striim cloud
solutionsstriim for google cloudstriim for microsoft azurestriim for awsdata integration for bigquerydata integration for snowflakestreaming integration for kafka
striim for google cloud
striim for microsoft azure
striim for aws
data integration for bigquery
data integration for snowflake
streaming integration for kafka
why striim?striim overview videochange data capturereal-time data integrationall integrations
striim overview video
change data capture
real-time data integration
all integrations
customers
resourcesdocumentationblogrecipesvideos and podcastsreports and ebookscompare
documentation
blog
recipes
videos and podcasts
reports and ebooks
compare
companyoverviewcareerspartnersindustry recognitioneventsnewsroomsupportcontact
overview
careers
partners
industry recognition
events
newsroom
support
contact
get a demo
free trial
privacy policy
effective date: june 4, 2021
contents:
1. how is your personal information collected2. how we use your information3. how we share your information4. your choices5. other important privacy information6. contact information7. notice to european users
this privacy policy explains how striim international inc. and its subsidiaries, including striim emea limited and striim engineering services india private limited (“striim”, “we”, “us” or “our”) collects, uses and shares information pertaining to you when you visit our website or any other website to which we post this privacy policy (the “website”), use our products or services, or receive our communications.  this privacy policy also explains the choices available to you regarding the use of, your access to, and how to update and correct your personal information. we may post additional or supplemental privacy notices that apply to specific services or information we collect about you.
1. how is your personal information collected
information you provide to us directly
we collect information you provide directly to us. for example, we collect information when you fill out a form, provide other information via our website, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. the types of information we may collect this way include personal information such as your name, telephone number, email address, postal address, resume and other professional information, your organization and your role within your organization. with your consent, we may also record video or telephone calls.
information we collect automatically through automatic data collection technologies
our servers and third party service providers may automatically record certain information about how you use the website and the computers or devices you use to access the website, such as your internet protocol (ip) address, domain name, device and browser type, operating system, internet service provider, referring/exit pages, clickstream data, the pages or features of the website that you browse and the time you spend on those pages or features, the frequency with which you use the website, the links that you click on or use and other statistics.  we collect this information in server logs and by using cookies, pixel tags and similar tracking technologies. we use pixel tags to collect information about your interactions with our email messages, such as the links you click on and whether you open or forward a message, the date and time of these interactions, and the device you use to read emails.  see our cookie policy for more information.
information we collect from others
we may receive personal information about you from third party sources, such as social networks whom you authorize to share information with us; business partners to whom you have expressed interest in learning about our products or services; sponsors of events you and striim both attend; your public social media profiles; other publicly or commercially available sources; or professional references if you apply for a job with us. we may combine information that you provide with information about you that we collect from others and will handle it in accordance with this privacy policy.
if you are an eu or uk citizen or are based in the eu or uk, please see section 7 of this privacy policy for details of the legal bases on which we collect, process and transfer your information in the manners described above.
2. how we use your information
we use information about you for various purposes, including:
to operate the website. we use your personal information to:
maintain and improve our website, products and services, customer relationship and user experiences;
provide and deliver the products and services you request, and send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;
manage our relationship with you which includes responding to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service; and
administer and protect our business and this website (including troubleshooting, testing, system maintenance, support, reporting and hosting data).
for research and development.  we analyze use of the website to study trends and users’ movements around the website, gather demographic information about our user base, improve the website and develop new products and services.
to process and respond to your job applications.  we use your job application materials to process and respond to your job applications.
to send you marketing communications.  we may send you marketing communications but you may opt out of receiving these communications as described in the promotional communications section below.
to create anonymous data.  we may create aggregated and other anonymous data from our users’ information.  we make personal information into anonymous data by removing information that makes the data personally identifiable.  we may use this anonymous data and share it with third parties to understand and improve the website, promote our business and for other lawful business purposes.
for compliance, fraud prevention and safety.  we may use your personal information and share it with government officials, law enforcement or private parties, as we believe appropriate:
to protect our, your or others’ rights, privacy, safety or property (including by making and defending legal claims);
to protect, investigate and deter against fraudulent, harmful, unauthorized, unethical or illegal activity;
to comply with applicable laws; court orders, subpoenas and other legal process; and requests from government authorities; and
where permitted by law in connection with a legal investigation.
with your consent.  in some cases, we may specifically ask for your consent to collect, use or share your personal information.
we may analyze your information manually and with automated systems, such as machine learning and artificial intelligence, to improve the service and facilitate the other purposes described above.
3. how we share your information
we do not sell personal information. we do not share your personal information with third parties without your consent, except in the following circumstances or as described in this privacy policy:
service providers.  we may share your personal information with third party vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to your information to carry out work on our behalf, such as providing product and service functionality, customer service, billing and invoicing, and conducting research and analysis.  these companies are authorized to use your personal information only as necessary to provide these services to us.
partners. we may share your personal information with our business partners or other third parties with whom we may jointly offer products or services.
for compliance, fraud prevention and safety.  we may share your personal information for the compliance, fraud prevention, and safety purposes described above.
business transfers.  we may sell, transfer or otherwise share some or all of our business or assets, including your personal information, in connection with, or during negotiations of, any corporate transaction, such as a merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company.
affiliates.  we may share your personal information with parent companies, subsidiaries and affiliates for use consistent with this privacy policy.
4. your choices
reviewing, updating, correcting and deleting your information
upon your request, we will:
provide you with details about whether we hold any of your personal information;
update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information; or
delete your personal information, but note, that we may retain certain information as required by law or for legitimate business purposes. we may also retain cached or archived copies of your information for a certain period of time in accordance with our retention obligations.
to request a copy of the personal information we maintain about you, change or delete your personal information, please send an email to info@striim.com that details your request.  we will respond to your request within a reasonable timeframe.
see ‘notice to european users’ below for information about how you can exercise your data subject rights if you are located in the european economic area or the united kingdom. if you are a california resident, see ‘your california privacy rights’ below.
cookies and similar technologies
we may allow our service providers and other third parties to use cookies and similar technologies to track your browsing activity over time and across the website and third party websites.  see our cookie policy for your choices regarding limiting the information collected by cookies and similar technologies.
third party advertising
we may use advertising networks and other third parties to display, manage and measure the effectiveness of advertising on our website or our advertising on other sites. our third-party partners may place cookies and similar technologies on our website and unaffiliated websites to collect information about how you use them over time, serve advertisements that may be relevant to you based on your browsing activities and interests, and determine the effectiveness of these advertisements.  some of these third parties may participate in programs that let you opt out of targeted advertising from their members, such as the digital advertising alliance or network advertising initiative.
marketing communications
we will periodically send you free newsletters and e-mails that directly promote the use of our website or the purchase of our products or services. if you do not wish to have your email address used by for marketing purposes, you can opt-out by following the unsubscribe instructions provided in the e-mail you receive or by contacting us directly (at info@striim.com). should you decide to opt-out of receiving future mailings, we may share your e-mail address with third parties to ensure that you do not receive further communications from third parties. please note that after opting out of our marketing communications, you may still receive limited communications from us related to your use of our products and services, customer support, or other transactions.
blog
our website offers publicly accessible blogs. you should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected, and used by others who access them. to request removal of your personal information from our blog, contact us at info@striim.com. in some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information, in which case we will let you know if we are unable to do so and why.
testimonials
we may display personal testimonials of satisfied customers on our website in addition to other endorsements. with your consent, we may post your testimonial along with your name. if you wish to update or delete your testimonial, you can contact us at info@striim.com.
your california privacy rights
if you are a california resident, you  or your agent may exercise certain rights related to your personal information, including the right to be informed about what personal information we collect, use, and disclose to third parties as well as the right to request that we disclose the personal information we have collected about you, the categories of sources from which your personal information was collected, our purpose for collection, and the categories of personal information we disclose and to whom. california residents also have the right to request that we delete their personal information, subject to certain exceptions. you may make a request or exercise your rights at no charge up to twice every 12 months.  california residents also have the right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising their privacy rights. we respect your privacy rights and we do not discriminate against individuals for exercising their rights.
if you are a california resident, and would like to make such a request, please send us an email to info@striim.com. you may submit a request on your own behalf, or you may designate an authorized agent to make a request on your behalf. we may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity or the identity of your authorized agent and in order to process your request.  applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request.  if we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.
the personal information we collect and the sources of how we collect your personal information is described above under section 1. how is your personal information collected. we use your personal information for the purposes described under section 2. how we use your information.
we do not sell personal information. we may disclose or make available certain categories of personal information to third parties as described under section 3. how we share your information. we disclose the following categories of personal information to the listed types of third parties in order to fulfill our business purposes:
business contact information – with our third-party service providers and our partners
personal contact information – with our third-party service providers or with other third parties with your consent under california civil code section §1798.83, we are required to disclose, upon request, the identity of third parties to whom we have disclosed your personal information within the previous calendar year, along with the categories of personal information disclosed, for the third parties’ direct marketing purposes.
california do not track notice. your browser settings may allow you to transmit a “do not track” signal to websites and online services you visit. like many other websites and online services, we do not currently process or respond to “do not track” signals from your browser or to other mechanisms that enable choice.
5. other important privacy information
links to third party sites
our website may include links to or incorporate content from third party websites, whose privacy practices may differ from those of striim. clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. we do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements, nor do we endorse or represent that we are affiliated with such websites or third parties. when you leave our website, we encourage you to read the privacy policy of every website you visit.
single sign-on
you can apply for a job opening using sign-on services such as linkedin. these services will authenticate your identity, provide you the option to share certain personal information (such as your name and email address) with us, and to pre-populate our application form.
the security of your personal information
striim uses a number of technical, organizational, and physical safeguards designed to help protect personal information from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction. unfortunately, the transmission of information via the internet is not completely secure. although we do strive to protect your personal information, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information transmitted to our website; any transmission of personal information is at your own risk. if you have any questions about the security of your personal information, you can contact us at info@striim.com.
children
our website is not directed at, and we do not knowingly collect personal information from, anyone under the age of 16. if we learn that personal information of someone under the age of 16 or otherwise under the applicable age of consent has been submitted to us, we will take appropriate steps to delete it.
international data use
we are headquartered in the united states and have affiliates and service providers in other countries, and your personal information may be collected, used and stored in the united states or other locations outside of your home country.  privacy laws in the locations where we handle your personal information may not be as protective as the privacy laws in your home country.
changes to this privacy policy
we reserve the right to modify this privacy policy at any time.  if we make changes to this privacy policy, we will post them on the website and indicate the effective date of the change.  if we make material changes to this privacy policy, we will notify you by email or through the website.
6. contact information
if you have any questions about this privacy policy, please contact us using the information below:
striim, inc.575 middlefield roadpalo alto, ca 94301info@striim.com
7. notice to european users
this section applies to individuals located in the european economic area (“eea”) and the united kingdom (“uk”).
controller.  striim is the controller of your personal information covered by this privacy policy for purposes of european data protection legislation.  for purposes of this section 7, “striim,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to striim, inc. and its wholly-owned subsidiary, striim emea limited.  striim, inc. can be contacted here and striim emea limited can be contacted at:
striim emea limitedc/o striim inc.575 middlefield rd.palo altocalifornia, 94301united states
legal bases for processing.  our legal basis for processing the personal information described in this privacy policy will depend on the type of personal information and the specific context in which we process it.  however, the legal bases we typically rely on are set out in the table below.  we rely on our legitimate interests as our legal basis only where those interests are not overridden by your interests or rights (unless we have your consent or our processing is otherwise required or permitted by law).  if you have questions about the legal basis of how we process your personal information, contact us at info@striim.com.
retention
we retain personal information where we have an ongoing legitimate business need to do so (for example, to provide you with a service you have requested; to comply with applicable legal, tax or accounting requirements; to establish or defend legal claims; or for fraud prevention).  when we have no ongoing legitimate business need to process your personal information, we will either delete or anonymize it or, if this is not possible for technical or other operational reasons (for example, because your personal information has been stored in backup archives), then we will securely store your personal information and isolate it from any further processing until deletion is possible.
your rights
european and uk data protection laws give you certain rights regarding your personal information.  you may ask us to take the following actions in relation to your personal information that we hold:
access.  provide you with information about our processing of your personal information and give you access to your personal information.
correct.  update or correct inaccuracies in your personal information.
delete.  delete your personal information.
transfer.  transfer a machine-readable copy of your personal information to you or a third party of your choice.
restrict.  restrict the processing of your personal information.
object.  object to our reliance on our legitimate interests as the basis of our processing of your personal information that impacts your rights.
you may submit these requests by email to info@striim.com or our postal address provided above.  we may request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and process your request.  applicable law may require or permit us to decline your request.  if we decline your request, we will tell you why, subject to legal restrictions.  if you would like to submit a complaint about our use of your personal information or our response to your requests regarding your personal information, you may contact us or submit a complaint to the data protection regulator in your jurisdiction.  you can find your data protection regulator here.
cross-border data transfer
if we transfer your personal information from the european economic area or uk to a third country outside of the eea or uk, we will apply additional safeguards to your personal information as required under european and uk data protection law, for instance, by entering into standard contractual clauses for the transfer of data as approved by the european commission. please contact us for further information about any such transfers and the safeguards applied.
striim platform
striim cloud
striim overview video
change data capture
real-time data integration
customers
striim for google cloud
striim for microsoft azure
striim for aws
striim for snowflake
all integrations
compare data integration tools
documentation
blog
recipes
resources
videos
events
support
overview
newsroom
industry recognition
partners
contact
ethics hotline
linkedin
facebook
twitter
youtube
rss
try striim
request a demo
