solutions smart streetlightscustomer-firstimpact sensingdata driven lightingsafe pair of hands
smart streetlights
customer-first
impact sensing
data driven lighting
safe pair of hands
resources
markets municipalitiesenergy companiesarea outdoor lightingsmaller deploymentshosted & managed service
municipalities
energy companies
area outdoor lighting
smaller deployments
hosted & managed service
news & events
blog
about us
careers
contact
privacy policy
privacy notice
telensa is committed to protecting your privacy and keeping the personal information provided to us confidential. this privacy policy explains how we collect and use your personal information.
who we are
we are telensa ltd, a private limited company (registered with company number 04498125).
our registered address is iconix 3, london road, pampisford, cambridge, england cb22 3eg. we have appointed a data compliance manager who is responsible for overseeing questions in relation to this privacy notice. if you have any questions about this privacy notice, including any requests to exercise your legal rights, please contact our data compliance manager here.
what information do we collect?
we collect personal information to offer and provide you with our services and products. “personal information” is information that identifies you as an individual or relates to an identifiable individual.
when you contact us, by completing a website form, phoning us or emailing us:
when you complete a website form, phone us or contact us by email with general queries, we will collect the following information from you: your name, company name, email address, phone number, country and any other details you provide to us. we collect this information in order to provide the customer service you have asked us to. this could be when you ask us to provide more information about our products, or explain how our products work.
in handling your personal information in this way, we rely on our legitimate interest to promote telensa and be able to respond to your queries. if you do not provide us with the personal information we request from you for customer services purposes, we may not be able to fully answer your queries.if you are contacting us because you are a customer and support services are included in your contract with us, then we need to use your personal information in this way to complete the contract in place between us.
when you have expressed an interest in telensa:
this section applies if you have chosen to receive marketing communications from us, or have previously expressed an interest in telensa and not opted out. we will handle your personal information (such as your name, email address, postal address and telephone number) to provide you with marketing communications in line with any preferences you have told us about.
we rely on our legitimate interest to promote the success of telensa to handle your personal information in this way. every email we send to you for marketing purposes will also contain instructions on how to unsubscribe from receiving them. you are not under any obligation to provide us with your personal data for marketing purposes.
you can tell us that you do not want your personal information to be processed in this way at any time be contacting us at www.telensa.com/contact or, where relevant, by following the unsubscribe link shown in every marketing communication you receive from us.
technical information and analytics:
information we collect about you:
when you visit our site we will automatically collect the following information:
technical information, including the internet protocol (ip) address used to connect your computer to the internet, your login information, browser type and variation, time zone setting, browser plug-in types and versions, screen resolution, operating system and platform; and
information about your visit, including the full uniform resources locators, clickstream to, through and from our site (including date and time), page response rimes, download errors, length of visits to certain pages, page interaction information (such as scrolling, clicks and mouse-overs) and methods used to browse away from the page.
information we receive from other sources:
we may also receive general aggregated anonymous information about you from third party advertising networks, analytics providers, hosting providers and search information providers. we may combine the information you provide to us with information we collect about you.
cookies:
our website also collects non-personal information during your visit to our website through the use of cookies. this helps us to provide you with a good experience when you browse our website and also allows us to improve our site. by continuing to browse the site, you are agreeing to our use of cookies.
cookies are small text files that are placed onto the device you are using to access our website. cookies are used to collect information about your usage on our website.
please note that third parties (including, for example, advertising networks and providers of external services like web traffic analysis services) may also use cookies, which we do not have any control over. these cookies are likely to be analytical/performance cookies or targeting cookies.
you can control your acceptance of cookies by modifying your preference on your internet browser. some features of our website may not be accessible if you disable all cookies. for more detailed information, please contact us here.
how do we use your information?
we may use the information that you or a third party provide for our legitimate business interests including the following:
to provide the products and services that you request;
to establish and maintain communications with you;
to tell you about related products and offers;
to notify you of events or changes to our services; and
to improve or modify our website and identify usage trends.
google analytics is in use to collect information about how visitors use this site. this provides us with important information that can enable the site to work better. we do not link this information to your name or address.
hubspot is also in use to collect information about how visitors use this site. this provides us with important information that can enable the site to work better. we do not link this information to your name or address.
where do we store your data?
most of your data is stored within the eea. whenever we transfer your personal information outside of the eea, we ensure it is protected by making sure at least one of the following safeguards is in place:
by transferring your personal information to a country that has been deemed to provide an adequate level of protection by the european commission;
by using specific contracts approved by the european commission which gives your personal information the same protection it has; or
where we use providers based in the us, we may transfer data to them if they are part of the privacy shield which requires them to provide similar protection to personal data shared between europe and the us.
to keep this privacy policy as short and easy to understand as possible, we have not set out the specific circumstances when each of these protection measures are used. you can contact us here for the details as to how we protect specific transfers of your data. all information provide to us in stored on our secure servers or those of our third party data storage providers.
how long do we retain your data for?
we will retain your personal information for the period necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal or accounting requirements. to determine the appropriate retention period for the personal information we hold, we consider the amount, nature and sensitivity of the personal information, the risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information, the reasons why we handle your personal information and whether we can achieve those purposes through other mean, and the applicable legal requirements.
in some circumstances we may anonymise your personal data so that it can no longer be associated with you for research or statistical purposes, in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.
disclosure
we share your data with the businesses that provide it and related services to us, such as our customer relationship management systems, and website hosting. we only share the types of data that those businesses need in order to provide us with those services and we make sure our data sharing is governed by a contract that controls what those businesses can do with that data.
we may also share your information for legal or regulatory purposes. in addition, in the event that we sell any business or assets, we may be required to disclose your information to the prospective seller or buyer. the third parties to whom we may disclose your information are obligated to comply with laws and regulations to keep your information confidential and secure. if they would like to use your information for any other purpose, they must notify you and obtain your consent.
your rights
under the general data protection regulation you have a number of important rights free of charge. in summary, those include:
the right to object: you have the right to object to us handling your personal information when: we are handling your personal information based on our legitimate interests (as described in the “what information do we collect” section above). if you ask us to stop handling your personal information in this way, we will stop unless we can show you that we have compelling grounds as to why our use of your personal information should continue; or for marketing purposes. if you ask us to stop handling your personal information on this basis, we will stop.
the right of access: you are entitled to receive confirmation as to whether your personal information is being processed by us, as well as various other information relating to our use of your personal information. you also have the right to access your personal information which we are handling.
the right of rectification: you have the right to require us to rectify any inaccurate personal information we hold about you. you also have the right to have incomplete personal information we hold about you completed, by providing a supplementary statement to us.
the right of restriction: you can restrict our processing of your personal information where:you think we hold inaccurate personal information about you;our handling of your personal information breaks the law, but you do not want us to delete it;we no longer need to process your personal information, but you want us to keep it for legal reasons; orwhere we are handling your personal information because we have a legitimate interest (as described in the “what information do we collect” section above, and are in the process of objecting to this use of your personal information.where you exercise your right to restrict us from using your personal information, we will then only process your personal information when you agree, except for storage purposes and to handle legal claims.
you think we hold inaccurate personal information about you;
our handling of your personal information breaks the law, but you do not want us to delete it;
we no longer need to process your personal information, but you want us to keep it for legal reasons; or
where we are handling your personal information because we have a legitimate interest (as described in the “what information do we collect” section above, and are in the process of objecting to this use of your personal information.
where you exercise your right to restrict us from using your personal information, we will then only process your personal information when you agree, except for storage purposes and to handle legal claims.
the right to data portability: you have the right to receive your personal information in a structured, standard machine readable format and to send this to another organisation controlling your personal information. this right only applies to your personal information we are handling because there is a contract in place between us.
the right to erasure: you have the right to require us to erase your personal information which we are handling in the following circumstances:where we no longer need to use your personal information for the reasons we told you we collected it for;when you object to our use of your personal information and we have no compelling reasons to carry on handling it;if our handling of your personal information has broken the law; andwhen we must erase your personal information to comply with a law we are subject to.
where we no longer need to use your personal information for the reasons we told you we collected it for;
when you object to our use of your personal information and we have no compelling reasons to carry on handling it;
if our handling of your personal information has broken the law; and
when we must erase your personal information to comply with a law we are subject to.
the right to complain: you have the right to lodge a complaint with the ico (please see the “how to complain” section below).
for further information on each of those rights, including the circumstances in which they apply, see the guidance from the uk information commissioner’s office (ico) on individuals’ rights under the general data protection regulation. if you would like to exercise any of those rights, please contact us (see “how to contact us” below). if you would like to unsubscribe from any email you can also click on the ‘unsubscribe’ button at the bottom of the email or newsletter. it may take a few days for the change to take effect.
keeping your personal information secure
we have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being accidentally lost, used or accessed in an unauthorised way. we limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine business need to know it. those processing your information will do so only in an authorised manner and are subject to a duty of confidentiality. we also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. we will notify you and any applicable regulator of a suspected data security breach where we are legally required to do so.
websites that we link to
our site may, from time to time, contain links to and from the websites of our partner networks and affiliates. our site connects you to different websites. if you follow a link to any of these websites or use our services, please not that you have left our site and these websites have their own privacy policies. we do not accept any responsibility or liability for these policies or websites. please check their policies before your submit any personal information to these websites.
how to complain
we hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your information. the general data protection regulation also gives you right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the european union (or european economic area) state where you work, normally live or where any alleged infringement of data protection laws occurred. the supervisory authority in the uk is the information commissioner who may be contacted at ico.org.uk/concerns.
changes to this privacy notice
this privacy notice was last updated on 4 july 2019. we may change our privacy policy from time to time. we will notify you of any amendments or modifications to our privacy policy by posting the revised policy on our website. your continued use of our website or services following the posting of the revised privacy policy will constitute acceptance of our terms. you should check this policy occasionally to ensure you are aware of the most recent version.
how to contact us
if you wish to contact us at telensa.com/contact.
americas regiontelensa inc.
sales+1 470 558 9711 nasales@telensa.com
support+1 855 399 7900
emailsupport@telensa.com
hq and emea regiontelensa limitediconix 3london roadpampisfordcambridgecb22 3eguk
sales & general+44 (0) 1223 677050  uk.sales@telensa.com
support+44 (0)1799 399200
emailsupport@telensa.com
asia pacific regionsignify innovations australia pty ltd
sales+61 (0)436951414
emailsupport@telensa.com
© telensa 2022
terms of use
privacy policy
cookie settings
contact
americas region
hq and emea region
asia pacific region
