please read this privacy notice carefully as it contains important information about who we are, how and why we collect and process your personal information and your rights in relation to your personal information.
who we are​
teledyne is a company that primarily sells its products and services to other businesses rather than to individual consumers. at times teledyne technologies incorporated and its subsidiaries (“teledyne") may collect and process certain personal information about you. we are committed to protecting your personal information and are regulated under applicable data protection laws. we are responsible as 'controller' of your personal information for the purposes of those laws.

the personal information we collect and use
information collected by us
in the course of our business activities we may collect and process the following personal information you might provide to us including your name, job title, employer, business email address and contact details. where legally required, we will obtain your consent before collecting or processing your personal information and allow you to revoke such consent. we may also rely on other reasons for collecting personal information where the law allows.
information collected from other sources
we also may obtain and process your personal information (for example your name, job title, employer, business email address and contact details) when you provide it to us for, or at, an external event, or when you provide it to an event organiser and we have sponsored that event.

how we use your personal information
we might use your personal information to:
to communicate with you about our latest news, events and products or services;
to communicate with you in response to your enquiries, requests, comments or suggestions;
to provide you with information and services or products that you request from us; and
to comply with legal obligations and where necessary for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
we will always have one of the following reasons to obtain or use your personal information before doing so:
we will have obtained your consent;
we will be using the information to enable us to perform a contract between you have entered into with us, or we are taking steps at your request to enter into such a contract;
we will be using the information to comply with a legal obligation to which we are subject; or
​we will be using the information because doing so is in our, or a third parties', legitimate interests.
who we share your personal information with
we may share your personal information with third parties, including third-party service providers, other entities within the teledyne group and our authorised sales representatives and distributors. third-party service providers may include, for example, professional advisers, consultants and cloud service providers. we may also share your personal information with law enforcement or other authorities if required by applicable law.
all our third-party service providers and other entities in the teledyne group are required to take appropriate security measures to protect your personal information. we do not allow our third-party service providers to use your personal information for their own purposes. we only permit them to process your personal information for specified purposes and in accordance with our written instructions.
we may also transfer your personal information outside the european economic area (“eea") to countries which are considered by the european union to not provide an adequate level of protection for your personal information. however, to ensure that your personal information receives an adequate level of protection when transferred outside the eea, we will enter contracts with the recipient parties that contain the standard data protection clauses adopted by the eu commission to ensure the data is appropriately protected.

how long your personal information will be​ kept
we will only retain your personal information for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal requirements. to determine the appropriate retention period for your personal information, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal information, the potential risk of harm from unauthorised use or disclosure of your personal information, the purposes for which we process your personal information, whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.  when it is no longer necessary to retain your personal information we will securely destroy it in accordance with applicable laws.
those members of the teledyne group established outside the eea have appointed teledyne dalsa b.v. as their eu representative. teledyne dalsa b.v. can be contacted at dataprivacy@teledyne.com.       those members of the teledyne g​roup established outside the uk have appointed teledyne uk limited as their uk representative.  teledyne uk limited can be contacted at dataprivacy@teledyne.com.

keeping your personal information secure
we have appropriate security measures in place to prevent personal information from being lost, stolen or misused. we limit access to your personal information to those who have a genuine need to know it. those third parties we use to process your information will do so only in an authorised manner and will be subject to a duty of confidentiality.
we also have procedures in place to deal with any suspected data security breach. in the event of a data breach, we will follow all legal obligations with respect to notifying persons that are involved and appropriate regulators.

your rights
under certain conditions, you have the right to request from teledyne, among other things:
access to certain information concerning your personal information and the way we are processing it;
correction of errors in your personal information;
deletion of or restriction of inaccurate personal information or personal information that has been unlawfully processed;
for us to stop certain processing of your personal information, including direct marketing; and
receipt of your personal information in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format, enabling you to transmit the information to another controller.
to the extent that the legal basis for our processing of your personal information is consent (see “how we use your personal information" above), you have the right to withdraw that consent at any time. withdrawal will not affect the lawfulness of processing before the withdrawal.
for more information on the full extent of your rights or to exercise your rights, please contact us in accordance with the contact details below.  please attach to your request a copy of an official identity document.
if you would like to unsubscribe from any of our email marketing communications you can also click on the 'unsubscribe' button at the bottom of the email.

consequences of not providing your personal information
for customers and prospective customers of teledyne, the provision of your personal information may be a requirement necessary to enter into a contract with us. not providing your personal information may result in your not being able to enter into a contract with teledyne, or in teledyne being unable to provide its services and products.

how to contact us
please contact us on dataprivacy@teledyne.com if you have any questions or concerns relating to data privacy at teledyne.

how to complain
we hope that we can resolve any query or concern you raise about our use of your personal information. however, if you believe our processing of your personal information infringes data protection laws, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a data protection authority. this will usually be the data protection authority of the country you reside in.

changes to ​this privacy notice
we reserve the right to amend this notice in order to comply with applicable data protection laws. should we amend this notice, we will take reasonable measures to provide notification of the changes.
