tetrascience privacy policy
last changes to privacy policy: 05/28/2021
this privacy policy (“privacy policy”) for tetrascience, inc. (“tetrascience” or “we”, “us”, or “our”) describes how we collect, use, and disclose information about users of the tetrascience website, tetrascience.com, (the “website”) and in connection with our services (as defined in the terms and conditions [https://www.tetrascience.com/terms-of-use]).
this privacy policy does not apply to the customer data (as defined in the terms and conditions) which tetrascience processes on behalf of its customers.
for the purposes of this privacy policy, “you,” or “your” means you as the user of our website and services.
by using the website and services, you are accepting the practices described in this privacy policy. if you do not agree to the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the website and services.
information we collect
we collect the following information when you use the website and services:
basic contact details, such as name, phone number, and email address
your company name and job title
your country and state/province
username and password
feedback and correspondence, such as information you provide when you send us a message, report a problem with the website and services, receive customer support, or otherwise correspond with us.
we also automatically collect certain information about your interaction with the website and services. to do this, we may use cookies, web beacons, and other analytics tools. the information collect may include:
unique device identifiers
device type, such as your phone, computer, or tablet
ip address
browser type and version
operating system
date and time stamps for when you took certain actions
other information regarding your interaction with the website and services, such as what pages you viewed

how we use the information we collect
we use the information we collect for the following purposes:
to maintain and operate the website and services
to communicate with you, respond to your inquiries, and provide the website and services to you
to secure your account with us
to run analytics and better understand user interaction with the website and services, and to address and remediate technical issues and bugs
in addition to the foregoing, we may use all of the above information to comply with any applicable legal obligations, to enforce any applicable terms of service, and to protect or defend the website and services, our rights, the rights of our users, or others.
information sharing
we may share the information we collect through the website and services with the following categories of third parties:
companies that perform services on our behalf, such as hosting, analytics, customer service, and fraud protection. these entities have access to the information needed to perform their functions and are contractually obligated to maintain the confidentiality and security of that information. they are restricted from sharing, using, or disclosing the information they receive for any purpose other than to provide the requested services to us.
law enforcement, courts, regulatory authorities, and other third parties if and to the extent we are required or permitted to do so by law or if such disclosure is reasonably necessary: (i) to comply with our legal obligations, (ii) to comply with legal process and to respond to claims asserted against us, (iii) to respond to verified requests relating to a criminal investigation or alleged or suspected illegal activity or any other activity that may expose us, you, or any of our other customers to legal liability, or (iv) to protect the rights, property or personal safety of tetrascience, its employees, its customers, or members of the public.
parties to business transactions such as those we deal with in mergers, acquisitions, joint ventures, sales of assets, reorganizations, divestitures, dissolutions, bankruptcies, liquidations, or other types of business transactions. in these types of transactions, your information may be shared, sold, or transferred, and it may be used subsequently by a third party.
marketing partners and affiliates that are authorized by tetrascience to process personally-identifiable information (pii) collected for marketing purposes.
additional third parties at your request or with your approval.
‍
cookies and tracking technologies
like many websites and applications, tetrascience uses cookies and other tracking technologies to help tailor the website and services to the needs and interests of users, to improve the user experience, as well as for systems administration, troubleshooting, and security purposes. a cookie is a small text file stored on your device or computer when you access the website and services. these small text files allow the website or application to recognize your computer or device at the next visit and remember your preferences and information. cookies may also be used by a website to collect data about user activity or how you use the website and services.
to develop information about activity related to the website and services, tetrascience may also use a small file, called a web beacon. web beacons do not by themselves collect any information from users, but in combination with cookies, web beacons allow us to track, for example, whether web pages are viewed, how often web pages are viewed, whether you opened an email we sent, the specific times of day web pages or emails are viewed.
to learn more about management of cookies and other tracking technologies, see the your choices section below.

children
children under the age of 13 are not permitted to use the website and services, and we do not seek or knowingly collect any personal information about children under 13 years of age. if we become aware that we have unknowingly collected information about a child under 13 years of age, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete such information from our database.
if you are the parent or guardian of a child under 13 years of age who has provided us with their personal information, you may contact us using the below information to request that it be deleted.

data security
we implement and maintain reasonable security measures to help protect the security of information we collect in connection with the website and services. please understand, however, that while we try our best to safeguard your information once we receive it, no transmission of data over the internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
your choices
email
if you would like to change the types of communications you receive from us or how you receive communications from us, including opting out of promotional communications, you may do so at any time by using the “unsubscribe” and “manage preferences” links that will be present in any promotional emails that we send.
please understand that, even if you opt out of marketing communications, tetrascience may continue to send non-promotional communications such as confirmations of transactions, changes to the website and services, or other information about your use of the website and services.

cookies and other tracking technologies
you may control the way in which your devices permit the use of tracking technologies. if you so choose, you may block or delete our cookies from your browser; however, blocking or deleting cookies may cause some of the website and services features to work incorrectly.
most browsers accept cookies automatically. however, you may be able to configure your browser settings to use the website and services without some cookie functionality. you can delete cookies manually or set your browser to automatically delete cookies on a predetermined schedule.
we use certain service providers, including google analytics, to collect and analyze information about use of the website and to help us understand activities and trends. you may opt-out of google analytics by installing a google analytics opt-out browser add-on available for download here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout.
‍
do not track signals
your browser settings may allow you to transmit a “do not track” signal when you visit various websites. like many websites, our website is not designed to respond to “do not track” signals received from browsers. to learn more about “do not track” signals, you can visit http://www.allaboutdnt.com/.
if you have questions regarding the specific information about you that we process or retain, as well as your choices regarding our collection and use practices, please contact us using the information listed below.
changes to the privacy policy
from time to time, we may modify or amend the terms of our privacy policy without notice. if we make any material changes we will notify you of those changes. your continued use of the website and services following the notice of changes to these terms will mean you accept those changes.
contact us
if you have any questions, comments, or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us at privacy@tetrascience.com.
****
additional information for california residents
if you are a california resident, please read below to understand how we collect and share your personal information, and also about your rights under the california consumer privacy act (ccpa).
‍
collection and disclosure of personal information
over the past 12 months, we have collected and disclosed each of the following categories of personal information which we collect directly from you, from cookies and similar technologies deployed on the website and services, or your device:
identifiers such as your first and last name, email address, telephone number, device identifier, and ip address.
internet or other electronic network activity information such as information about your mobile device type and operating system, as well as browser information such as browser type. we also collect cookie information tracking how you interact with our services.
geolocation information based upon your ip address.
in the past 12 months, we have not sold personal information of california residents within the meaning of “sold” in the ccpa.
we collect your personal information for the business purposes listed in the “how we use the information we collect” section in the main body of his privacy policy.
we share each of the categories of personal information listed above with the third parties identified in the “information sharing” section of the main body of this privacy policy.
exercising your rights
if you are a california resident and the ccpa does not recognize an exemption that applies to you or your personal information, you also have the right to:
request we disclose to you free of charge the following information covering the 12 months preceding your request:
the categories of personal information about you that we collected;
the categories of sources from which the personal information was collected;
the purpose for collecting personal information about you;
the categories of third parties to whom we disclosed personal information about you and the categories of personal information that were disclosed and sold (if applicable) and the purpose for disclosing the personal information about you; and
the specific pieces of personal information we collected about you;
request we delete personal information we collected from you, unless ccpa recognizes an exception; and
be free from unlawful discrimination for exercising your rights including providing a different level or quality of services or deny goods or services to you when you exercise your rights under the ccpa.
‍
we aim to fulfill all verified requests within 45 days pursuant to the ccpa.  if necessary, extensions for an additional 45 days will be accompanied by an explanation for the delay.
if you are a california resident to whom the ccpa applies, you may request information to which you have a right and which is not available in your account, by contacting us at privacy@tetrascience.com. you may also designate an authorized agent to make these requests on your behalf. for requests by an agent, we may require you to verify your identity directly with us, and directly confirm with us that you provided the authorized agent permission to submit the request.
stay connected
join our newsletter:
© 2022 tetrascience, inc.
177 huntington avenue, suite 1703, boston, ma 02115
