you are using internet explorer 11 or earlier, this browser is no  longer supported by this website. we suggest to use a modern browser.
your browser does not support javascript!
contact
deutsch
company
stories
products
investors
newsroom
career
contact english arrow-down deutsch
contact
deutsch
privacy statement
the content of the website is provided centrally by thyssenkrupp ag. the handling of personal data of site visitors follows the strict requirements of the gdpr.
the protection of your privacy when using our website is of particular concern to us. therefore, we would like to inform you below about the collection of personal data.

name and contact details of the responsible person
the controller for the processing is
thyssenkrupp ag
thyssenkrupp  allee 1 45143 essen
germany
tel.: +49 201 844-0
fax: +49 201 844-536000
e-mail: info@thyssenkrupp.com
you can reach our data protection officer at
data protection officer
thyssenkrupp ag
thyssenkrupp allee 1 45143 essen
germany
tel.: +49 201 844-0
fax: +49 201 844-536000
e-mail: datenschutzbeauftragter@thyssenkrupp.com

collection and processing of personal data
you can visit the thyssenkrupp ag website anonymously, i.e. without telling us who you are. when you visit our website, our web servers process the ip address with which you access our website, the website from which you visit our website and the files you call up from us, as well as the date of your visit and general information about your browser. this data is processed to ensure the security of the web server and to adapt the output of the retrieved information to your output medium in a performant way. evaluations for statistical purposes are carried out exclusively in anonymous form.
we only store and process personal data if you provide us with this information of your own accord, e.g. when filling out a contact form or registering for personalised services. on the respective websites, you will be informed about the intended use and, if necessary, asked for your consent to storage and processing. data will only be passed on to thyssenkrupp companies and service providers associated with us, e.g. in order to send you the requested written information. of course, all service providers are bound to data secrecy and confidentiality.
your data will not be passed on to any other third parties. your data is always encrypted before transmission and processing in order to protect this data against unauthorised access.

cookies
a) description and scope of data processing
cookies are text files that are stored on your computer or other terminal device. the use of cookies helps us to analyse your use of the website, to improve the services and products offered, as well as to improve security and prevent fraud attempts. we distinguish between different types of cookies:
session cookies are temporary cookie files that are automatically deleted as soon as you close your browser.
session cookies are temporary cookie files that are automatically deleted as soon as you close your browser.
permanent cookies are cookie files that are stored until they are actively deleted or automatically removed after a certain time.
permanent cookies are cookie files that are stored until they are actively deleted or automatically removed after a certain time.
first-party cookies are cookies that are set directly by us.
first-party cookies are cookies that are set directly by us.
third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a third-party provider.
third-party cookies are cookies that are set by a third-party provider.
on individual pages, personal data may be stored in cookies if you have expressly consented to this beforehand, e.g. in order to avoid having to re-enter access data. in principle, you can also access all information on our websites if you have deactivated cookies in your internet browser. if you do not accept cookies, this may lead to functional restrictions of our offers.
this website uses cookies. we use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. we also share information about your use of our website, subject to your consent, with our social media, advertising and analytics partners, who may combine it with other information you have provided to them or that they have collected from your use of their services.
cookies are small text files used by websites to make the user experience more efficient.by law, we can store cookies on your device if they are strictly necessary for the operation of this site. for all other cookie types we need your permission.this site uses different types of cookies. some cookies are placed by third parties that appear on our pages.you can change or withdraw your consent at any time from the cookie statement on our site.find out more about who we are, how you can contact us and how we process personal data in our privacy policy.
your consent applies to the following domains: www.karriere.thyssenkrupp.com | www.jobs.thyssenkrupp.com
matomo
this website uses the open source web analytics service matomo. matomo cookies are stored on the basis of art. 6 para. 1 lit. a gdpr.the information generated by the cookie about the use of this website is not passed on to third parties. the matomo cookies are set exclusively by your active consent. you can set the selection of cookies to be stored by making the appropriate settings in your browser software or by using the cookie pop banner. if you have consented to the setting of matomo cookies, these will remain on your end device until you delete them or revoke your consent. you can revoke your consent to the setting of certain or all cookies at any time and without any preconditions here.

b) legal basis for the data processing
the legal basis for the processing of personal data using technically necessary cookies is art. 6 para. 1 lit. f gdpr.
the legal basis for the processing of personal data using cookies for analysis purposes is art. 6 para. 1 lit. a gdpr if the user has consented to this.
c) purpose of the data processing
cookies can be used for different purposes.
functional cookies are used to provide you with standard services on our pages. without the use of cookies, our website functions only in a very limited way and may be faulty.
functional cookies are used to provide you with standard services on our pages. without the use of cookies, our website functions only in a very limited way and may be faulty.
optimisation cookies allow us to analyse the use of our website. if you have not consented to the use of your personal data for this purpose, it will be done anonymously. the analysis helps us to improve our services and the products and services we offer.
optimisation cookies allow us to analyse the use of our website. if you have not consented to the use of your personal data for this purpose, it will be done anonymously. the analysis helps us to improve our services and the products and services we offer.
personalisation cookies allow us to determine your personal preferences, for example your preferred language. we use these cookies to improve the user experience and provide you with an experience that is tailored to you.
personalisation cookies allow us to determine your personal preferences, for example your preferred language. we use these cookies to improve the user experience and provide you with an experience that is tailored to you.
security-related cookies are cookies that are necessary to protect the website against attacks and to prevent fraud attempts.
security-related cookies are cookies that are necessary to protect the website against attacks and to prevent fraud attempts.
d) duration of storage, possibility of objection and elimination
cookies are stored on the user's computer and transmitted from it to our site. therefore, you as a user also have full control over the use of cookies. by changing the settings in your internet browser, you can deactivate or restrict the transmission of cookies. cookies that have already been stored can be deleted at any time. this can also be done automatically. if cookies are deactivated for our website, it may no longer be possible to use all the functions of the website to their full extent.

job offer service by e-mail
if you register for our job offer service by e-mail, we will use your e-mail address to send you the job offers you have subscribed to. in order to ensure your proper registration for this service and to prevent unauthorised registrations on behalf of third parties, we will send you a confirmation e-mail after initial registration using the double opt-in procedure, in which we ask you to confirm your registration. the legal basis for the processing of your personal data in the job offer service is your consent according to art. 6 para. 1 p. 1 a gdpr.
subscribing to the job offer service is voluntary and can be revoked at any time. for this purpose, you will be provided with a link in every job offer email, which you can use to unsubscribe from the service or revoke your consent.




rights of the data subject
if your personal data is processed, you are a data subject within the meaning of the gdpr and you have the following rights vis-à-vis the controller:
right to information
you may request confirmation from the controller as to whether personal data relating to you is being processed by us.
if there is such processing, you can request information from the controller about the following:
-the       purposes for which the personal data are processed;
-the       categories of personal data which are processed;
-the       recipients or categories of recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been or will be disclosed;
-the       planned duration of the storage of the personal data concerning you or, if concrete information on this is not possible, criteria for determining the storage duration;
-the       existence of a right to rectify or erase personal data concerning you, a right to have processing restricted by the controller or a right to object to such processing;
-the       existence of a right of appeal to a supervisory authority;
-any      available information on the origin of the data if the personal data are not collected from the data subject;
-the       existence of automated decision-making, including profiling, pursuant to article 22(1) and (4) of the gdpr and, at least in these cases, meaningful information about the logic involved and the scope and intended effects of such processing for the data subject.
you have the right to request information on whether personal data concerning you is transferred to a third country or to an international organisation. in this context, you may request to be informed about the appropriate safeguards pursuant to art. 46 of the gdpr in connection with the transfer.
right of rectification
you have a right of rectification and/or completion vis-à-vis the controller if the personal data processed concerning you are inaccurate or incomplete. the controller shall carry out the rectification without undue delay
right to restrict processing
you may request the restriction of the processing of personal data concerning you under the following conditions:
-if           you contest the accuracy of the personal data concerning you for a period enabling the controller to verify the accuracy of the personal data;
-the       processing is unlawful and you object to the erasure of the personal data and request instead the restriction of the use of the personal data;
-the       controller no longer needs the personal data for the purposes of processing, but you need them for the assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims, or
-if           you have objected to the processing pursuant to art. 21 (1) gdpr and it has not yet been determined whether the legitimate grounds of the controller override your grounds.
-where the        processing of personal data relating to you has been restricted, such data may be processed, with the exception of storage, only with your consent or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims or for the protection of the rights of another natural or legal person or for reasons of substantial public interest of the union or of a member state.
if the restriction of processing has been restricted in accordance with the above conditions, you will be informed by the controller before the restriction is lifted.
right to erasure
obligation to delete
you may request the controller to erase the personal data concerning you without delay and the controller is obliged to erase this data without delay if one of the following reasons applies:
-the personal data concerning you are no longer necessary for the purposes for which they were collected or otherwise processed.
-you revoke your consent on which the processing was based pursuant to art. 6 (1) (a) or art. 9 (2) (a) gdpr and there is no other legal basis for the processing.
-you object to the processing pursuant to article 21(1) of the gdpr and there are no overriding legitimate grounds for the processing, or you object to the processing pursuant to article 21(2) of the gdpr.
-the personal data concerning you have been processed unlawfully.
-the deletion of the personal data concerning you is necessary for compliance with a legal obligation under union or member state law to which the controller is subject.
-the personal data concerning you has been collected in relation to information society services offered in accordance with article 8(1) of the gdpr.
information to third parties
if the controller has made the personal data concerning you public and is obliged to erase it pursuant to article 17(1) of the gdpr, it shall take reasonable steps, including technical measures, having regard to the available technology and the cost of implementation, to inform data controllers which process the personal data that you, as the data subject, have requested that they erase all links to, or copies or replications of, that personal data.
exceptions
-the right to erasure does not exist insofar as the processing is necessary
-to          exercise the right to freedom of expression and information;
-for        compliance with a legal obligation which requires processing under union or member state law to which the controller is subject or for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller;
-for        reasons of public interest in the area of public health pursuant to art. 9 (2) (h) and (i) and art. 9 (3) dsgvo;
-for        archiving purposes in the public interest, scientific or historical research purposes or statistical purposes pursuant to article 89(1) of the gdpr, insofar as the right referred to in section a) is likely to render impossible or seriously prejudice the achievement of the purposes of such processing, or
-for the                assertion, exercise or defence of legal claims.
right to information
if you have asserted the right to rectification, erasure or restriction of processing against the controller, the controller is obliged to communicate this rectification or erasure of the data or restriction of processing to all recipients to whom the personal data concerning you have been disclosed, unless this proves impossible or involves a disproportionate effort.
you have the right to be informed of these recipients by the controller.
right to data portability
you have the right to receive the personal data concerning you that you have provided to the controller in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format. you also have the right to transmit this data to another controller without hindrance from the controller to whom the personal data has been provided, provided that
-the       processing is based on consent pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 lit. a gdpr or art. 9 para. 2 lit. a gdpro or on a contract pursuant to art. 6 para. 1 lit. b gdpr and
-the       processing is carried out with the aid of automated procedures.
in exercising this right, you also have the right to have the personal data concerning you transferred directly from one controller to another controller, insofar as this is technically feasible. this must not affect the freedoms and rights of other persons.
the right to data portability shall not apply to processing of personal data necessary for the performance of a task carried out in the public interest or in the exercise of official authority vested in the controller.
right of objection
you have the right to object at any time, on grounds relating to your particular situation, to the processing of personal data relating to you which is carried out on the basis of article 6(1)(e) or (f) gdpr; this also applies to profiling based on these provisions.
the controller shall no longer process the personal data concerning you unless it can demonstrate compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which override your interests, rights and freedoms, or for the establishment, exercise or defence of legal claims.
if the personal data concerning you is processed for the purpose of direct marketing, you have the right to object at any time to the processing of personal data concerning you for the purpose of such marketing; this also applies to profiling, insofar as it is related to such direct marketing.
if you object to processing for direct marketing purposes, the personal data concerning you will no longer be processed for these purposes.
you have the possibility, in connection with the use of information society services, notwithstanding directive 2002/58/ec, to exercise your right to object by means of automated procedures using technical specifications.
right to revoke the declaration of consent under data protection law
you have the right to revoke your declaration of consent under data protection law at any time. the revocation of consent does not affect the lawfulness of the processing carried out on the basis of the consent until the revocation.
automated decision in individual cases including profiling
you have the right not to be subject to a decision based solely on automated processing, including profiling, which produces legal effects concerning you or similarly significantly affects you. this does not apply if the decision
-is           necessary for the conclusion or performance of a contract between you and the responsible person,
-is           authorised by union or member state legislation to which the controller is subject and that legislation contains adequate measures to safeguard your rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests; or
-with     your express consent.
however, these decisions must not be based on special categories of personal data pursuant to article 9(1) of the gdpr, unless article 9(2)(a) or (g) of the gdpr applies and appropriate measures have been taken to protect the rights and freedoms and your legitimate interests.
with regard to the cases referred to in (1) and (3), the controller shall take reasonable steps to safeguard the rights and freedoms of, and your legitimate interests, including at least the right to obtain the intervention of a person on the part of the controller, to express his or her point of view and to contest the decision.
right to complain to a supervisory authority
without prejudice to any other administrative or judicial remedy, you have the right to lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority, in particular in the member state of your residence, place of work or the place of the alleged infringement, if you consider that the processing of personal data concerning you infringes the gdpr.
the supervisory authority to which the complaint has been lodged shall inform the complainant of the status and outcome of the complaint, including the possibility of a judicial remedy under article 78 gdpr.
scope and changes to this privacy policy
this data protection declaration applies exclusively to the use of the internet pages offered by us. it does not apply to the websites of other service providers to which we merely refer by means of a link. we accept no responsibility or liability for third-party statements and guidelines that are not related to our website.
we reserve the right to amend the above data protection provisions from time to time in accordance with future changes regarding the collection and processing of personal data.
arrow-up
company
products
investors
newsroom
career
rss newsfeed
publications
procurement
follow us:
sitemap
imprint
legal notes
sharetk-sharefacebooktwitter email
