ucloud privacy policy
last updated: july 23, 2020
ucloud technology (us), llc respects the privacy of your personal information. this privacy statement            introduce how we collect and process your personal information (or “personal data”), for what purposes, and            secure methods used to protect your personal information. ucloud offers varieties of cloud products via            https://www.ucloud.cn/en/. ucloud products referenced in this statement include ucloud website, services,            and applications (collectively, “ucloud services”).
this privacy statement does not apply to the personal information that collected and processed by our            customers using ucloud services with a ucloud account. any collection and process carried out on behalf of            our customers is not covered by this privacy statement. since we do not have a direct relationship with the            end users of ucloud customers, the related privacy inquiries should be directed to the organization that            offer service and products.
if you use ucloud services on behalf of or through your organization, your personal information may be            subject to your organization’s privacy statement as well, and you should direct privacy inquiries to your            organization.
1.personal information we collect
when you are using ucloud services, we will collect your personal information. we collected your personal            information with legal basis and purposes, such as with your consent, necessity to enter into and perform            contracts, compliance with legal obligation, and any other purpose listed in the applicable laws. we            collected your personal information by the following approaches:
you give some of your personal information directly to us, when you create or modify your                ucloud account, contact to us, and purchase ucloud services.
other personal information is collected automatic by us, when you visit, interact with or                use ucloud services (including when you use your computer or other device), or contact us.
depend on the scope of your interaction with ucloud services, the categories of personal information we            collected include:
contact information: name, email address, phone number, and other similar contact information
identity information: information regarding identify, such as passport, drive license, or other government-issued identification information
credentials: usernames, passwords, and other authentication and security credential information
payment information: credit card, bank account information, and other payment information
demographic information: age, gender, country, and preferred language
internet or other similar network activity:internet protocol (ip), browsing history, search and commands history, and other interaction history
computer and device information: such as device, application, or browser type and version, browser plug-in type and version, operating system, location or time zone setting
cookies information(see “cookies” in this privacy statement)
2.how we use personal information
in order to operate, offer and improve ucloud services, we need to collect and process your personal information. the purposes of collecting and processing are as follows:
offer ucloud services: we use your personal information to operate, and deliver ucloud services, as well as process related transactions, including registrations, subscriptions, purchases, and payments.
measure, support and improve ucloud services: we collect and process your personal information to measure the usage, analyze the performance, fix the error, offer the support, improve and develop ucloud services.
comply with legal obligations: we collect and process personal information as required by applicable law and regulation. e.g. collecting age to ensure the compliance with the obligation to protect children’s privacy.
communicate with you: we use your personal information to contact with you and respond to your request.
advertising:  we use your personal information to introduce ucloud services (see “advertising” in this privacy statement).
other purpose we seek your consent: if we use your personal information for any other purposes that are not listed in this privacy statement, we will ask for your consent before we use it for the new purposes.
3.cookies
we use “cookies” and/or similar technologies to provide you with essential features and services. for instance, if you block or reject our cookies, you might not be able to use certain services that require you to sign in, or you might have to manually adjust some preferences or language settings every time you visit ucloud sites.
a “cookie” is a small amount of data that is sent to your browser and stored on your device. a cookie can be sent to your device only if you access ucloud platform with the device. if you do not de-activate or erase the cookie, each time you use the same device to access ucloud platform, our web servers will be notified of your visit to our ucloud platform and in turn we may recognize your visit and the pattern of your usage.
you can manage browser cookies through your browser settings. the 'help' feature on most browsers will tell you how to prevent your browser from accepting new cookies, how to get notification from browser when you receive a new cookie, how to disable cookies, and when cookies will expire. if you disable all cookies on your browser, neither we nor third parties will transfer cookies to your browser.
4.how we share personal information
we do not sell your personal information to third parties. however, we may share your personal information as described below to complete transaction, or to offer ucloud services you have requested or authorized, or to protect the property or rights of ucloud. the shared personal information subject to this privacy policy will be protected at least at the same level described in this privacy policy.
affiliates:we may share your personal information with ucloud-controllered affiliates and subsidiaries. ucloud is a global company and we have offices, datacenters and affiliates around the world. your personal information may be accessed by these ucloud-controllered companies for the purpose specified in this privacy statement;
third-party service providers: we may share your personal information with third-party service providers when we employ other companies to perform functions on our behalf. these third-party service providers may have access to personal information if the personal information is required for them to perform their functions and the third-party service providers are not allowed use it for other purposes;
other third parties under your consent or required by applicable law: we may share your personal information with other third parties under your consent or required by the law. for example, we may share personal information with law enforcement or other government agencies for complying with law or responding to legal process.
5.location of personal information
ucloud technology (us), llc is located in united states, with our affiliates around the world. personal information collected and processed by us may be stored and processed in your region or multiple countries, in accordance with the scope of using. if we transfer your personal information to another jurisdiction, we will ensure the personal information subject to this privacy statement is processed according to the provisions of the statement and the applicable data protection laws.
6.how we secure personal information
the security of your personal information is very important to us. we apply variety of means of technologies and procedures to protect your personal information, such as.
we use security technical for processing personal information, including but not limited to the use of industry-standard encryption protocol secure socket layer (ssl) when transmit sensitive information(such as payment information, registration information, or password) over the internet.
we hold varieties of compliance program to ensure the security control, such as iso/iec 9001:2015, iso/iec 20000:2011, iso/iec 27001:2013.
we limit the collection and process of personal information. for people who have access to personal information for their work, we deploy access control to ensure that they only have access to necessary information and they are not allowed to use your personal information for other purposes.
we deployed physical, technical, and administrative security measures to protect our cloud environment and these security measures cover the collection, transmit, storage, and process of your personal information.
7.your rights to access and control personal information
you can access, update and delete your personal information subject to this privacy statement. you can view, update and delete your personal information by logging into your account.
we understand that not all personal data processed by ucloud can be accessed or controlled through account setting. if you want to access or control personal data processed by ucloud that is not available through account setting, you can always contact us by the means listed in the “how to contact us” section. we will respond to your request as soon as we can. please note that in some cases, your ability of controlling of your personal information will be limited in accordance with applicable law.
you may receive marketing email from us. if you would like to discontinue receiving this information, you may unsubscribe it through the “unsubscribe” link in emails we send to you. for more information, please refer to the “adverting” section in this privacy statement.
8.advertising
we will introduce some of our products to you through advertising by email you give to us. the advertising is not based on your personal information. if you do not want to receive the advertisement anymore, you may unsubscribe it through the “unsubscribe” link in emails we send to you.
9.children’s personal information
we do not knowingly collect personal data of children (person under the age of 16). when we collect age and find that your age is under 16, we will ask you to provide consent or authorization from your parent or guardian. once the consent or authorization from parents or guardians is granted, we will treat the child’s account as it is an ordinary account.
10.retention of personal information
we keep personal information no longer than the necessity of providing the ucloud services and fulfill your requirement, or of other legitimate purposes such as complying with legal obligations, resolving disputes, and enforcing valid agreements. the actual retention period varies from different categories of personal information, due to the different using purpose. we will delete your personal information in accordance with applicable law and regulation.
11.how to contact us
if you want to exercise your rights or have any concerns, complaints or questions about privacy, you could contact us with verifiable and thorough request. you may contact us through one of the following methods:
email address:usupport@ucloud.cn
mail address : 16192 coastal highway, lewes, delaware 19958, usa
due to differences in local laws and languages, the local versions of ucloud privacy policy may differ from this version. in case of any conflicts, the local versions shall prevail.
12.changes to this privacy statement
our privacy statement may change due to the business change or the greater degree of transparency. you can check the date of the last version on the top of the privacy statement. the privacy statement will become immediately effective once it is posted on our website. if there are any material changes on this privacy statement, we will notify you by either sending an email (specified by your account) or posting a notice on this website before the change becoming effective. unless stated otherwise, all the personal information we hold about you and your account will subject to the latest version of our privacy statement. you are suggested to visit our website frequently to check the recent change. the continued use of the ucloud services represents the consent of changes to the privacy statement.
13.eu-us privacy shield
ucloud technology (us), llc complies with the eu-u.s. privacy shield frameworks, as set forth by the u.s. department of commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal information transferred from the european union and the united states. ucloud technology (us), llc has certified to the department of commerce that it adheres to the privacy shield principles. if there is any conflict between the terms in this privacy statement and the privacy shield principles, the privacy shield principles shall govern.  to learn more about the privacy shield program, and to view our certification, please visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/.
if you have any inquiries or complaints about our handling of your personal data under privacy shield, or about our privacy practices generally, please contact us at: usupport@ucloud.cn. we will respond to your inquiry promptly. if we are unable to satisfactorily resolve any complaint relating to the privacy shield, or if we fail to acknowledge your complaint timely, you can contact our u.s.-based third-party dispute resolution provider jams (free of charge) at https://www.jamsadr.com/eu-us-privacy-shield. if neither ucloud nor jams resolves your complaint, you may pursue binding arbitration through the privacy shield panel. to learn more about the privacy shield panel, visit https://www.privacyshield.gov/article?id=how-to-submit-a-complaint.
ucloud technology (us), llc are subject to the investigatory and enforcement powers of the federal trade commission (ftc). in certain situations, we may be required to share personal information that we handle under the privacy shield in response to lawful requests by public authorities, including to meet national security or law enforcement requirements. if ucloud transfer personal information received under the privacy shield to a third party, the third party's access, use, and disclosure of the personal data must also be in compliance with our privacy shield obligations, and we will remain liable under the privacy shield for any failure to do so by the third party unless we prove that we are not responsible for the event giving rise to the damage.
