about
news
events
partners
careers
contact
industriesprocesschemical, oil & gasenergymetals & miningmanufacturingtransportationon-highway trucksrail operationspublic sectordepartment of defensefederal, state & localdealershipsequipment dealers
process
transportation
public sector
dealerships
productsfusionot data storeradarconfigurable analyticsasl® explorerfmea content libraryfleetpredictive maintenancefederalmission ready analyticsdealerequipment dealer workflow
ot data store
configurable analytics
fmea content library
predictive maintenance
mission ready analytics
equipment dealer workflow
resourcesblogcase studiesebooksvideoswebinarswhite papers
customer login
industriescaret rightcaret leftbackall industriesprocesschemical, oil & gasenergymetals & miningmanufacturingtransportationon-highway trucksrail operationspublic sectordepartment of defensefederal, state & localdealershipsequipment dealers
all industries
process
chemical, oil & gas
energy
metals & mining
manufacturing
transportation
on-highway trucks
rail operations
public sector
department of defense
federal, state & local
dealerships
equipment dealers
productscaret rightcaret leftbackall productsproductsfusionot data storeradarconfigurable analyticsasl® explorerfmea content libraryfleetpredictive maintenancefederalmission ready analyticsdealerequipment dealer workflow
all products
products
fusionot data store
ot data store
radarconfigurable analytics
configurable analytics
asl® explorerfmea content library
fmea content library
fleetpredictive maintenance
predictive maintenance
federalmission ready analytics
mission ready analytics
dealerequipment dealer workflow
equipment dealer workflow
resourcescaret rightcaret leftbackresourcesblogcase studiesebooksvideoswebinarswhite papers
resources
blog
case studies
ebooks
videos
webinars
white papers
companycaret rightcaret leftbackcompanyaboutnewseventspartnerscareerscontact
company
about
news
events
partners
careers
contact
contact us
customer login
privacy notice
february 10th, 2022
introduction
what this privacy notice covers. this privacy notice applies to uptake’s processing of your personal data in connection with your use of uptake’s website, as well as related products and services we may offer to you (collectively, the “services”). we treat any data that identifies you, or reasonably can be linked to you, as “personal data.” data that has been de-identified or aggregated so that it cannot reasonably be linked to you is not personal data, and we may use that data for any purpose. throughout this privacy notice, you’ll see us talk about “processing” your personal data. this has a broad definition and refers to everything we’re doing with respect to your personal data under this privacy notice. please note that our website is not intended for anyone under the age of 16. we do not knowingly collect personal data from individuals under the age of 16, unless the personal data is submitted with verifiable parental consent.
read this privacy notice! we want you to feel that our processing of your personal data is conducted fairly and transparently, so we want you to read this privacy notice. we also understand that you’re busy, and these things can be dense. that’s why we’ve provided...
a quick guide to this privacy notice. this privacy notice is your one-stop-shop for understanding what we’re doing with your personal data and why. of course, you should read it top-to-bottom. in case you don’t have the time right now, here is an index to the topics covered in more depth below, so you can jump to your topic of interest and come back to the other parts as soon as you can.
who are we?you want to know what we mean when we say “uptake” (or “us” or “our” or “we”).
what personal data do we collect?you want to know what personal data we’re collecting.
how do we obtain your personal data?you want to know how we obtain your personal data.
how are we processing it?you want to know how we process your personal data and what that means for you.
who else is getting it?you want to know if we’re sharing your personal data and, if so, with whom.
how is it secured?you want to know how your personal data is secured.
are you from the european union?you are an eu data subject and want to know your rights.
are you a california consumer?you are a california consumer and want to know your rights.
what if something changes?you’re wondering how you’ll know if our processing or this privacy notice changes.
anything else?you’ve read all of the other sections and still have questions.
1. who are we?when we say “uptake” (or “us” or “our” or “we”), we mean uptake technologies, inc. and our affiliated companies. we don’t mean other companies or individuals that we don’t own or control. this privacy notice only applies to websites and applications within our control and does not apply to any third party sources. any personal data collected through third party websites or applications is subject to the privacy practices of the third party, and you should review the privacy policies of those third parties prior to sharing any data.you can find, and send mail to (if you'd like), our headquarters at 600 w. chicago ave., suite 350, chicago, il 60654. if you prefer phone, you can reach us at 312-242-2200. emails related to this privacy notice can be sent to [email protected].
2. what personal data do we collect?we strive only to collect personal data that is necessary, and that personal data may include:
contact information, such as your name, address, phone number and email address.
internet or similar network activity, such as your ip address, your language, country and city from which you are browsing, browser, browsing activity, operation system, service provider, and screen resolution.
location information, such as information collected when you access our website.
commercial information, such as information relating to your purchases and services, and purchasing or consuming histories or tendencies.
financial information, such as bank account or credit card information provided when you purchase services from us.
3. how do we obtain your personal data?
from you: we obtain most of the personal data that we collect about you from you when you interact with our website or services, including when you (1) contact and communicate with us, (2) register for an account with us, or (3) purchase or use our services, including our website.
from our partners: we may obtain personal data about you from our service providers or other partners, including marketing partners and analytics providers.
4. why are we processing it?we may use each category of your personal data as follows:
provide our products and services: we use personal data to furnish our services, including to process and fulfill purchases of our services and to improve the quality, safety and security of the services.
communicate with you: we use personal data to respond to communications, contact you about your transactions, promote our services, provide other relevant information, and request information or feedback.
internal research: we use personal data to conduct internal research to develop, improve or repair our products, services or technology, as well as analyze the effectiveness of our marketing strategies.
security or fraud prevention: we use personal data to (1) prevent, detect, protect against, or respond to security incidents, and (2) preserve the integrity or security of systems.
legal compliance: we may use personal data to comply with applicable law or to comply with a lawful governmental request.
5. who else is getting it?we may share personal information with service providers who act on our behalf, our partners, or others operating at your direction or where legally necessary or appropriate. we do not share or sell personal information with third parties for their independent purposes, such as marketing.
within uptake and its legal affiliates: your personal data will be shared among employees and contractors, and we may share information with our subsidiaries and legal affiliates.
service providers or processors: we engage third parties to act as our service providers and perform certain tasks on our behalf in connection with delivering you our products and services. the tasks performed by service providers include: (1) processing and storing personal data; (2) assisting with marketing communications and advertising; (3) customer service assistance; (4) processing credit card or other financial charges; and (5) providing technology services, including assisting with our sites. we may share all types of personal data described above with service providers. we encourage service providers to take reasonable steps to ensure that they keep personal data confidential and only utilize personal data as permitted.
partners: we may partner with third parties to provide services and other offerings. upon your request, we may also share your personal data with partners to provide products or services that may interest you. we take reasonable steps to ensure that the entities to which we share your personal data keep the information confidential and only use it as permitted.
other legal purposes: we also may share personal data: (1) with your consent; (2) to respond to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal process or otherwise as required or allowed by law or the competent governmental or judicial authorities; (3) to cooperate with law enforcement, government or regulatory entities, and safety or investigation authorities; (4) to establish or preserve a legal claim or defense; (5) to protect our property, rights and safety, and the property, rights, and safety of a third party or the public in general; or (6) as part of a corporate restructuring, sale of assets, merger or divestiture.
use of cookieslike many commercial websites, we analyze how visitors use our website with "cookie" technology. a cookie is a small text file that is placed on your computer when you access our website and allows us to recognize you each time you visit the website. we may use cookies to (1) enhance or personalize your website usage and experience; (2) monitor website usage; and (3) improve the website and our services, including providing you with interest-based ads. if you choose, you can set your browser to reject cookies or you can manually delete individual cookies or all of the cookies on your computer by following your browser’s help file directions. however, if your browser is set to reject cookies or you manually delete cookies, you may have some trouble accessing and using some of the pages and features on our website. please note that browser-management tools for cookies are outside of our control, and we cannot guarantee their effectiveness. we may work with service providers that help us track, collect and analyze this information. we may combine the information we collect through cookies with other information we have collected from you or information from other sources.
6. how is it secured?we use commercial reasonably physical, technical and administrative security measures to reduce the risk of loss, misuse, unauthorized access, and disclosure. please note, however, that no security measures are perfectly secure, and we are unable to guarantee the security of your personal data.
7. are you from the european union?the eu’s general data protection regulation provides eu data subjects with the additional rights described below.use of personal informationwe generally act as a data controller of eu data subject’s personal data submitted to us. we rely on that personal data for the legitimate commercial purposes of providing our products and services to you. where we need to collect personal data by law or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that personal data when requested, we may not be able to provide you with our products or services. we make sure we consider and balance any potential impact on you and your rights before we process your personal data. we do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law. in certain circumstances, we act as a data processor, and, in those circumstances, we process your personal data for the purposes set out in this policy consistent with the data processing terms of those partners.we also may rely on your consent to collect, use or disclose your personal data. if we are relying on your consent to process your data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time by contacting us at the information below. we will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose. if we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and explain the legal basis that allows us to do so.if you are located in the eu and have any complaints regarding our privacy practices as a data controller, you have the right to make a complaint at any time to your local supervisory authority. however, we would appreciate the chance to address your concerns before you approach your supervisory authority, so please contact us first at the information provided in this privacy notice.your rightsif you would like to request a copy of your personal data being held by us or request that it be deleted, or to update and/or correct your personal data or request that we provide a copy to another data controller of your personal data that you have provided to us, please contact us as detailed in the “who are we” section above. we will need enough information to ascertain your identity as well as the nature of your request. we will aim to respond to your request within one (1) calendar month of receipt of the request. where we were unable to do so within the calendar month, we will notify you of the soonest practicable time within which we can respond to your request (and within three (3) months from the date of your request). please note that there are certain exemptions and restrictions of these rights under the european data privacy laws that enable personal data to be retained, processed or withheld from access and we will inform you of these exemptions and restrictions, if applicable.international data transferswe offer european union model clauses, also known as standard contractual clauses, to meet the adequacy and security requirements for our customers that operate in the european union and the united kingdom, and make transfers of personal data from those jurisdictions to the united states and other countries that lack adequacy determinations. please contact us as detailed in the “who are we” section above for more information.
8. are you a california consumer?the california consumer privacy act (“ccpa”) provides california residents with the additional rights described below:
the right to know what personal data we have collected, used, disclosed and sold about you. to submit a request to know, you may call us at 1-800-878-9002, or make the request at [email protected].
the right to request that we delete any personal information we have collected about you, subject to certain exceptions. to submit a request for deletion, you may call us at 1-800-878-9002, or make the request at [email protected].
9. what if something changes?it could happen. we may change this privacy notice or the way in which we process your personal data (including the purpose of that processing or the methods for doing so). if we do, we will update our website to display the current version of this privacy notice. we will do our best to notify you of these new versions.
10. anything else?if we haven't answered your question yet, you sure do have a lot of questions. fire those questions over to [email protected].
products
industries
resources
company
customer login
twitter twitter
linkedin linkedin
youtube youtube
instagram instagram
facebook facebook
glassdoor glassdoor
