search
solutions  commercial real estate data centers hospitality logistics real estate manufacturing
commercial real estate
data centers
hospitality
logistics real estate
manufacturing
products  ai energy meters data integrations and apis energy analytics and insights adaptive automation
ai energy meters
data integrations and apis
energy analytics and insights
adaptive automation
resources  blog case studies resource center savings calculator
blog
case studies
resource center
savings calculator
company
for customers  support api developer hub installation and setup help
support
api developer hub
installation and setup help
login
contact us
privacy policy
last updated: september 18, 2018
this privacy policy tells you how verdigris technologies, inc. (“verdigris,” “we,” or “us”) collect, use and share information we collect on our website www.verdigris.co and related mobile applications (collectively, the “site”) effective as of the date posted above. by using the site and submitting information you agree that we may use and disclose your information according to the terms of this policy.
information collected and how it is used
we automatically collect information when you visit the site including your device’s ip address, and statistics about how you use the site.
we collect information that you submit when visiting the site including registration information (your name, email or postal address, telephone number and user name and password), contact information if you contact us with an inquiry (email address, telephone number), or payment card information if you make a purchase. our online store is operated by shopify, and all data collected in the checkout process (name, billing and shipping address, card information, email, and telephone number) is collected by shopify. please read their privacy policy here https://www.shopify.com/legal/privacy. we will receive your shipping information and products purchased in order to fulfil your order.
when you use our services, we will collect information about your power usage from the verdigris device. we may also collect information from third parties, such as your utility, in connection with the use of the services. if you contact our help center or seek support through our online chat feature we will collect the information that you provide, which may include your name and contact information and information about the issue with which you need assistance.
if you are interested in applying for a job with verdigris please visit our careers page. all application information is collected by our service provider job.lever.co. we will receive the documents that you submit which will be used to consider you for employment. in this process we may solicit information from third parties, such as references you offer or a credit bureau for a background check.
we use the collected information for our general commercial purposes such as to provide the services you have selected to you, improve our site, grow our business and to offer our own, our affiliates’ or third-party products or services that we think you may find of interest. we use your contact information to respond to your inquiries or to provide information on products or services to you.
we use cookies and similar technology to collect aggregate (non-personal) information about site usage by all of our visitors and to help us remember you and your preferences when you revisit the site. these cookies may stay on your browser into the future until they expire or you delete them. we also use technology to remember your purchase selections in your shopping cart. these cookies usually are erased when you close your browser window. further general information about cookies and how they work is available at www.allaboutcookies.org.
we allow selected third parties to place cookies through the site to provide us with better insights into the use of the site or user demographics or to provide relevant advertising to you. these third parties may collect information about a consumer’s online activities over time and across different websites when he or she uses our website. we may also permit third party service providers to place cookies through our site to perform analytic or marketing functions where you are notified of them and you have consented to the usage. we do not control the use of such third party cookies or the resulting information and we are not responsible for any actions or policies of such third parties.
we do not currently use technology that recognizes a “do-not-track” signal from your web browser.
children’s privacy
this site is not designed nor intended to be attractive to use by children under the age of 13. we do not knowingly collect information from children under the age of 13. if you are under 13 please do not submit any information to us.
accessing your information and your choices.
you can update, amend or delete your information at any time by writing to us at support@verdigris.co.
you can choose not to receive emails from us by “unsubscribing” using the instructions in any email you receive from us. this will not stop us from sending emails about your account or your transactions with us.
you can choose to delete or block cookies by setting your browser to either reject all cookies or to allow cookies only from selected sites. if you block cookies performance of the site may be impaired and certain features may not function at all.
sharing your information.
we may reveal information about you to unaffiliated third parties: (1) if you request or authorize it, including sharing information with your authorized users; (2) if the information is provided to help complete a transaction for you; (3) if the information is provided to comply with the law, applicable regulations, governmental and quasi-governmental requests, court orders or subpoenas, to enforce our terms of use or other agreements, or to protect our rights, property or safety or the rights, property or safety of our users or others (e.g., to a consumer reporting agency for fraud protection etc.); (4) if the disclosure is done as part of a purchase, transfer or sale of services or assets (e.g., in the event that substantially all of our assets are acquired by another party, customer information may be one of the transferred assets); (5) if the information is provided to our agents, outside vendors or service providers to perform functions on our behalf (e.g., analyzing data, providing marketing assistance, providing customer service, processing orders, etc.); or (6) as otherwise described in this privacy policy.
we may share your information with our affiliated companies.
we do not share your information with third parties for their marketing purposes.
we may disclose your non-private, aggregated, or otherwise non-personal information, such as usage statistics of our products, to our affiliates and third parties.
your california privacy rights
california residents are permitted by california law to request information about the manner in which we share certain categories of information with others for their marketing purposes.
we do not share your personal information with third parties for their direct marketing use.
security
we use reasonable technical, administrative and physical measures to protect information contained in our system against misuse, loss or alteration. we may use standard ssl technology to protect information being transferred to our site, but no method of electronic transmission or storage is 100% secure. if we receive instructions using your log-in information we will consider that you have authorized the instructions.
data processing and cross-border data transfers
our site is maintained on servers located in the united states, and personal information submitted is stored on our servers in the united states. if you are visiting our site from outside the united states, please be advised that your information is transferred to our u.s. servers. disclosing your personal information to us pursuant to this privacy policy is at your own risk. we strive to comply with laws of jurisdictions in which we maintain operations but we make no representations that the practices described in this privacy policy are compliant with laws outside those jurisdictions that apply to the collection, security, use and disclosure of personal information.
links to other sites
we may permit others to link to this site or to post a link to their site on ours. we do not endorse these sites and are not responsible for other sites or their privacy practices. please read their privacy policies before submitting information.
changes to the privacy policy
as we grow and change we may amend this privacy policy. the policy in effect at the time you use the site governs how we may use your information. if we make material changes we will post the revised policy and the revised effective date on this site. please check back here from time to time to review any changes.
contacting us
this site is owned and operated by verdigris technologies, inc. you can contact us by the method most convenient to you at https://verdigris.co/contact. verdigris technologies, inc. is located at nasa ames research park, building 19, rm 1077, moffett field, california, 94035, usa.
industries
commercial real estate
data centers
hospitality
logistics real estate
manufacturing
products
ai energy meters
data integrations and apis
energy analytics and insights
adaptive automation
resources
blog
case studies
resource center
savings calculator
company
about
team
careers
news
contact
for customers
support
api developer hub
installation and setup help
legal & other
partner program
open sources
brand assets
patents
data security
terms of use
privacy policy
your ca privacy rights
©2022 verdigris technologies, inc. all rights reserved.
