home
industriesindustries servedmedicaldefense & aerospacesecurity & surveillanceenergyindustrial automationtransportation
industries served
medical
defense & aerospace
security & surveillance
energy
industrial automation
transportation
productscomputer product searchexpansion productsproduct family: pc/104product family: epucustom designsproduct list
computer product search
expansion products
product family: pc/104
product family: epu
custom designs
product list
supportproduct supportwarranty and returnsmigration solutionsproduct registrationos compatibility (pdf)
product support
warranty and returns
migration solutions
product registration
os compatibility (pdf)
companyabout uscontactcareersdistributors and partnersnews, events & blog
about us
contact
careers
distributors and partners
news, events & blog
chat
versalogic’s privacy policy
privacy statement
date of last modification: july, 2018
versalogic values its customers and their right to privacy, and believe that long-term business relationships depend on trust. versalogic provides this privacy statement to inform you on how versalogic uses and manages the information collected by versalogic.
this privacy statement applies to any website or mobile application that includes, attaches, references, or links to this privacy statement (“website”). the versalogic website contains links to other websites. versalogic does not control or take responsibility for personal information collected on these sites nor is versalogic responsible for the accuracy or the content of these sites. this privacy statement is intended to cover the operations of versalogic corporation only.
for those accessing this website from the european union, versalogic corporation, a u.s. based company, headquartered at 12100 sw tualatin rd, tualatin, or 97062, is the responsible body and controller as defined by data protection laws:
1. types and use of information versalogic collects from you
customer information during a website visit, versalogic may ask a customer for contact information (such as name, title, company name, email address, telephone number, fax number, addresses for shipping/billing, and credit card information when applicable) as part of the purchase process, to become a registered user of the website, when you request information from or submit a question to versalogic, and when you complete any web forms asking for such information.
purchases — once you make a purchase, become a registered user, or request information from versalogic, your name, title, company name, shipping/mailing address, telephone number, email address, fax number, credit card number, and other information may be included in versalogic’s customer file. versalogic uses commercially reasonable security to protect the data you provide as a part of working with you as stated in the security portion of this privacy statement.
registration — registration may be required to access and use certain parts of the website. registered users are able to change or delete the data they provide upon registration at any time if required by law, and versalogic will provide you with information about the personal data versalogic has saved about you at any time. versalogic will correct and delete such data at your request as long as doing so does not conflict with any legally required retention obligations. to contact versalogic to review, edit, or delete data collected about you, please use the contact information located at the end of this privacy statement.
contact form — if you contact versalogic by email or by using one of versalogic’s contact forms, the information you provide will be saved and used to respond to your contact as well as for the purposes stated in the use of information section of this privacy statement and you consent to its use for these purposes.
use of information versalogic uses this information to provide the products and services you request, as well as support for those products and services. versalogic may use customer information to send you information and advertising about versalogic’s products and services. for example, versalogic may use your mailing address to send versalogic marketing materials to keep you updated on versalogic most current products and services and email addresses may be used to communicate information of interest to you about versalogic. this includes product eco advisories, new product announcements, general business announcements, product giveaways, techbriefs, white papers or other versalogic informational emails. you may elect to opt out of any or all promotional emails by contacting versalogic or clicking unsubscribe at the bottom of the marketing email. emails may be sent to you by versalogic or an authorized agent working for versalogic. versalogic also reserve the right, but not the obligation, to contact you regarding changes to this privacy statement and other matters relevant to the website.
2. information automatically collected
when you visit the website, versalogic collects some information of a general nature automatically. by collecting this information versalogic gets a better understanding of customer needs and preferences, and how well versalogic’s website is functioning. some of the information versalogic automatically collects is necessary for the proper functioning of the website, such as cookies as explained below. versalogic treats information collected by cookies and other technologies as non-personal information. however, to the extent that internet protocol (ip) addresses or similar identifiers are considered personal information by local law, versalogic also treats these identifiers as personal information. similarly, to the extent that non-personal information is combined with personal information, versalogic treats the combined information as personal information for the purposes of this privacy statement.
links, embedded content, and buttons versalogic may keep track of how you interact with links across versalogic services, including versalogic email notifications. versalogic does this to help improve versalogic services, provide information and advertising, and to be able to analyze aggregate click statistics such as how many times a particular link was clicked on. the website may contain links to other websites, content embedded in the website that comes from or relates to other websites and services, and buttons from other websites and services such as social media websites like youtube, facebook, twitter, and linkedin. in general, you can identify these social media buttons and the companies they represent by their logos. several of these third party sites may use cookies or other tracking devices to collect and track information about you over time and across the internet. versalogic is not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of these other websites or their data collection practices. you should check the privacy policies of these other websites when providing personally identifiable information or to find out what other information they collect from users, whether while on their platform or website or in relation to links, buttons, or embedded media. at present, it is reasonable to assume that a direct connection to the services of the provider is established and that at least your ip address and device-related information are collected and used. the service providers might also attempt to save cookies on the computer used.
presently, and subject to change in versalogic discretion and without notice, versalogic has included the following social media buttons on the versalogic website:
facebook inc.
if you live in the us or canada: facebook inc. 1601 willow road menlo park, ca 94025 usa
if you live anywhere but in the us or canada: facebook ireland ltd. 4 grand canal square grand canal harbour, dublin 2 ireland
facebook data policy: https://www.facebook.com/policy.php
twitter inc.
for accounts based in the united states: twitter, inc. attn: privacy policy inquiry 1355 market street, suite 900 san francisco, ca 94103 usa
for accounts outside the united states: twitter international company attn: privacy policy inquiry one cumberland place, fenian street dublin 2, d02 ax07 ireland
twitter privacy policy: https://twitter.com/en/privacy
linkedin corporation
for members in the united states: linkedin corporation attn: legal dept. (privacy policy and user agreement) 1000 w. maude avenue sunnyvale, ca 94085 usa
for members outside the united states: linkedin ireland unlimited company attn: legal dept. (privacy policy and user agreement) wilton plaza wilton place, dublin 2 ireland
linkedin privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/preview/privacy-policy
information from your computer versalogic may itself, or through versalogic’s third party service providers, collect information about your computer, such as the browser, operating system, ip address, country and other geolocation data, date and time of visit, whether you are using a mobile device, referring websites, the search engine queries you used to get to the website, the pages of the website you visit and your activities on the website such as what images, videos, or other embedded media you view, as well as the amount of time spent on the website pages, and the number of pages visited. some of this information may be collected using cookies, as further explained below. this information is used for a variety of purposes to improve the website and its content, including without limitation to gather broad demographic data, identify trends and statistics, help diagnose problems with versalogic’s web server, and to administer the website and its content. versalogic may also collect and share information between pages of the website for the proper functioning of the website, as well as authentication. versalogic may also use this information to provide you with information and advertising regarding versalogic’s products and services.
cookies the website may use “cookies” to provide information on your computer. cookies are pieces of data that a website can send to your browser, which may then be stored on your computer or device. versalogic may use both session and persistent cookies on versalogic’s own or through versalogic’s third-party service providers as described below. cookies may save your preferences while you are at the website, such as allowing for persistent login on pages that require logging in, and versalogic may use them to provide you with tailored information as you use the website services. by modifying your browser preferences, you may have the choice to accept cookies, to be notified when a cookie is sent, or to reject cookies. the rejection or limitation of cookies by your browser may limit your ability to use the website.
third-party service providers versalogic may use a variety of third-parties to help provide versalogic services, to help versalogic understand the use of versalogic services, provide information and provide advertising regarding the website and versalogic products and services. third-party services providers may include, but are not limited to third party web analytics services and a variety of third party social media platforms such as youtube, facebook, twitter, and linkedin. these third-party service providers may collect, store, and share information as further dictated by the privacy policies of those third parties.
google analytics and facebook versalogic may use services through companies such as google to target ads to you related to your usage of the website, such as to display advertising for the website, products, and services, on other websites you visit based on your activities on the website in the past. google may use the data collected to track and examine the use of the website, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other google services. google may also use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.
google analytics uses “cookies” — text files that are saved on your computer and that enable the analysis of your use of the website. the information generated by the cookie about your usage of this website is generally transmitted to a google server in the united states and saved there. due to the activation of ip anonymization on these web pages, however, your ip address will be truncated by google beforehand within the member states of the european union and other signatory states of the agreement on the european economic area. only in exceptional cases will the full ip address be passed to a google server in the united states and truncated there. on behalf of the operator of this website, google will use this information to evaluate your usage of the website, to compile reports about website activities, and to render further services for the website operator in relation to website and internet usage. the ip address transmitted by your browser for the purposes of google analytics will not be associated with other google data.
versalogic utilizes the user-id feature of google analytics, which allows versalogic to track users across multiple devices and sessions using the website. you may view google’s privacy policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en,with more information located here: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/ (including information regarding how to control how information is shared through your ads settings) and here: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en.
the website may use google conversion tracking. if you reach versalogic’s website via an ad controlled by google, google adwords places a cookie on your computer. the cookie is used for conversion tracking if a user clicks on an ad controlled by google. if the user visits certain pages on versalogic website and the cookie has not yet expired, versalogic and google are able to detect that the user in question clicked the ad and was forwarded to the relevant page. the information collected using the conversion cookie enables the creation of conversion statistics for adwords customers who have chosen to use conversion tracking. the customers are told the total number of users who clicked their ad and were forwarded to a page with a conversion tracking tag. however, they do not receive any information using this system that can be used to personally identify users.
if you do not wish to take part in tracking, you can decline the setting of the relevant cookie by means of a browser setting that generally deactivates the automatic setting of cookies. please note that you must not delete the corresponding opt-out cookies if you wish to continue preventing measurement data from being recorded. if you delete all of the cookies in your browser, you must set any required opt-out cookies again.
you can prevent the collection of the data generated by google analytics in relation to your use of the website and the processing of this data by downloading and installing the browser plug-in, with more information regarding how you can opt out of google analytics data collection as instructed here: https://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout. this link provides instructions for installing an opt-out cookie on your device. as a result, the collection of data by google analytics is prevented in future for this website and for this browser as long as the opt-out cookie remains installed in your browser.
3. sharing of your information
versalogic may engage third party service providers, consultants, and independent contractors to perform functions and provide services for versalogic including without limitation database management, advertising, and email service providers. versalogic may share the information that versalogic collects through the website with these service providers so that they can perform services for versalogic in relation to the website and versalogic’s business.
in addition, versalogic may use and disclose customer information in special instances when versalogic has reason to believe that disclosing this information is necessary to investigate, identify, contact, or bring legal action against someone who may be causing injury to or interfering with versalogic’s rights or property, or the rights or property of others. versalogic may disclose visitor information when subpoenaed, if ordered or otherwise required by a court of law, arbitrator, or other similar proceeding or the rules governing such a proceeding, for government investigations, with government agencies if required by law, and when versalogic otherwise believes in good faith that any applicable law requires it.
4. your right to receive, correct, block, delete, and object to stored data.
you have the right to receive information about the personal data versalogic holds about you at any time. you also have the right to the correction, blocking, or, except for the prescribed storage of data for business purposes or as otherwise legally required, deletion of your personal data. please contact versalogic to request this. the contact details are provided at the end of this document.
so that data blocking can be observed at all times, this data must be kept in a block file for control purposes. you can also demand the deletion of data as long as the data in question is not subject to any legal archiving obligation. if an obligation of this kind does exist, versalogic will block your data if you request that versalogic do so.
you can make changes to or revoke your consent to the storage of your data for the future at any time by notifying versalogic accordingly.
5. other information practices
security versalogic takes commercially reasonable steps to protect data, particularly financial information, transmitted through the website. versalogic, however, cannot be responsible for and does not warrant the security of any information you transmit over the internet, including using the website. versalogic’s site is equipped with secure sockets layer (ssl) technology. browsers that support the ssl encryption technology are called secure browsers. if you use a secure browser, your browser will automatically enter the secure mode.
access to personal information for reviewing, editing, and/or removing if you wish to discuss this privacy statement and the information versalogic collects, you may contact versalogic at the address provided in this privacy statement.
children the website is not intended to solicit, collect or maintain personally identifiable information from users under the age of 13. if you are a parent or guardian, please contact versalogic if you believe information regarding a child has been collected by versalogic through a versalogic website.
do not track presently versalogic does honor “do not track” settings on web browsers which offers you the opportunity to request that versalogic not track your use of its services.
changes to this policy versalogic may revise this privacy statement from time to time. the most current version of the privacy statement will govern versalogic’s use of your information and will always be available. please check this privacy statement often for changes. by continuing to access or use the website after those changes become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised privacy statement and acknowledge that the revised policy statement applies to all information held by versalogic.
contacting versalogic
for any other questions, please contact versalogic at:
versalogic corporation 12100 sw tualatin rd. tualatin, or 97062 phone: 503-747-2261 email: info@versalogic.com
© 2018 versalogic corporation, all rights reserved
date of last modification: july 2018
connect with us
support when you need it
talk directly to technicians and engineers that know embedded computers. the versalogic technical team is here to help. from initial product concepts to upgrade and migration issues, versalogic has your back!
home
industries served
products
support
company
copyright © 2022 versalogic corp. all rights reserved. | privacy | policies | careers
