where to buy
contact us
english繁體中文
繁體中文
products21” products multi-node serversv7100g4sv7220g3storage serversv7000g2all-flash nvme jbofst7200storagest7000g2open rack accessorysr1200g219” products multi-node serversv302asv302g3multi-purpose serversv310g4sv305asv300g3edge platformep100es200all-flash nvme jbofst5100rack accessorysr2000g2accessory ocp mezzanine network cardnm10grnm1grpcie storage cardp08m2p16m4p16rcsoftware & services rack integration servicecluster manager
21” products multi-node serversv7100g4sv7220g3storage serversv7000g2all-flash nvme jbofst7200storagest7000g2open rack accessorysr1200g2
multi-node server
sv7100g4
sv7220g3
storage server
sv7000g2
all-flash nvme jbof
st7200
storage
st7000g2
open rack accessory
sr1200g2
19” products multi-node serversv302asv302g3multi-purpose serversv310g4sv305asv300g3edge platformep100es200all-flash nvme jbofst5100rack accessorysr2000g2
multi-node server
sv302a
sv302g3
multi-purpose server
sv310g4
sv305a
sv300g3
edge platform
ep100
es200
all-flash nvme jbof
st5100
rack accessory
sr2000g2
accessory ocp mezzanine network cardnm10grnm1grpcie storage cardp08m2p16m4p16rc
ocp mezzanine network card
nm10gr
nm1gr
pcie storage card
p08m2
p16m4
p16rc
software & services rack integration servicecluster manager
rack integration service
cluster manager
technologytechnology overview whitepapersdocumentstechnical columnadvanced cooling two-phase immersion cooling5g offerings vranmec
technology overview whitepapersdocumentstechnical column
whitepapers
documents
technical column
advanced cooling two-phase immersion cooling
two-phase immersion cooling
5g offerings vranmec
vran
mec
investorsfinancials financialsquarterly resultsmonthly revenuecorporate governance board of directorscommitteescorporate governance reportimplementation of ethical corporate managementmajor internal policiesshareholders services stock quote shareholders’ meetingdividend historyinvestor conferencematerial information faqcontacts
financials financialsquarterly resultsmonthly revenue
financials
quarterly results
monthly revenue
corporate governance board of directorscommitteescorporate governance reportimplementation of ethical corporate managementmajor internal policies
board of directors
committees
corporate governance report
implementation of ethical corporate management
major internal policies
shareholders services stock quote shareholders’ meetingdividend historyinvestor conferencematerial information faqcontacts
stock quote
shareholders’ meeting
dividend history
investor conference
material information
faq
contacts
esg sustainabilityesg sustainability a message from the chairman of corporate sustainability committeerecognitions and honorssustainability performanceresponding to the sdgsdownload sustainability reportpolicies, certificates and reportsstakeholder communicationsustainable governance materiality performancesgovernance material topicspecial: pandemic managementsustainable innovation materiality performancesinnovation material topicspecial: digital transformationsustainable environment materiality performancesenvironment material topicspecial: green electricity reportdiverse and inclusive society materiality performancessociety material topicspecial: seeking common good with the society
esg sustainability a message from the chairman of corporate sustainability committeerecognitions and honorssustainability performanceresponding to the sdgsdownload sustainability reportpolicies, certificates and reportsstakeholder communication
a message from the chairman of corporate sustainability committee
recognitions and honors
sustainability performance
responding to the sdgs
download sustainability report
policies, certificates and reports
stakeholder communication
sustainable governance materiality performancesgovernance material topicspecial: pandemic management
materiality performances
governance material topic
special: pandemic management
sustainable innovation materiality performancesinnovation material topicspecial: digital transformation
materiality performances
innovation material topic
special: digital transformation
sustainable environment materiality performancesenvironment material topicspecial: green electricity report
materiality performances
environment material topic
special: green electricity report
diverse and inclusive society materiality performancessociety material topicspecial: seeking common good with the society
materiality performances
society material topic
special: seeking common good with the society
companyabout wiwynn company infoglobal operationsmanagementorganizationnewsroom pressinvestorsecurity statementin the newsevents overviewrecapscareers life at wiwynnbenefitswhy wiwynn
about wiwynn company infoglobal operationsmanagementorganization
company info
global operations
management
organization
newsroom pressinvestorsecurity statementin the news
press
investor
security statement
in the news
events overviewrecaps
overview
recaps
careers life at wiwynnbenefitswhy wiwynn
life at wiwynn
benefits
why wiwynn
privacy policy
wiwynn corporation (hereinafter “wiwynn”/“we”) are committed to implement appropriate protections for any personal information(“personal data”as defined in article 1) that you（including any individuals of our organization, customers, suppliers, visitors to our sites, other users of our products or services, personnel of corporate customers and vendors, applicants for employment and visitors to our premises (together, “you”） share with us.
this policy explains your personal data practices, including what type of information is gathered and tracked, how your personal data is used, and with whom the information is shared.
you are in the position to decide whether providing personal related information and classification. however, we may not be able to contact you if we lack of your personal data and classification. your understanding is appreciated.
1. personal data collected and the purpose, the use and the terms of personal data collected
when you contact with us or visit our website, we may collect personal information（excluding the sensitive personal information, “personal data”）, which is any information that can be used to identify a particular individual, such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, or other contact information.
when other non-public information, such as product preferences, hobbies or browsing history, is directly associated with personally identifiable information, that other information is also treated as personal data.
the personal data collected is used to respond to your inquiries and to send you newsletters that you request. the information collected is also used to help us to maintain and/or upgrade the quality of our website and the services that we provide on the website.
via wiwynn human resources web sites (including recruitment) in connection with a job application or inquiry, whether advertised on a wiwynn web site or otherwise, you may provide us with information about yourself, such as a resume. we may use this information throughout the whold company and its subsidiaries for the purpose of employment consideration or your inquiry. except where you tell us not to, we will keep the information for future consideration.
with regard to your personal data to be collected by us, please refer to the annex for detail purpose of collection, the period, parties and way of the use of your personal data.
2. the way to collect information
we collect your personal data in several ways.
most of the personal data we receive comes to us voluntarily from you who are interested in obtaining products and services from us. as you visit our website, our information technology (it) systems may also collect passive information, including your internet protocol (ip) address, browser type, and operating system. we also use cookies to gather information on the date and time of your visit, and the areas of our site you visited. this information allows us to better understand our you and to enhance your experience. the session cookies are stored in memory and never written to disk. the session cookies are permanently lost when the browser closes. the persistent cookies are contained in your device. until you delete them manually or it reaches to the expiration date you set up, it won’t be removed from your disk.
3. security
we take every reasonable step to ensure that your personal data that we process are limited to the personal data reasonably necessary in connection with the purposes.
we do not disclouse your personal data to any third parties. we will take all reasonable and appropriate measures to protect the personal data that you share with us from unauthorized access or disclosure. however, we may disclose the personal data of you if we believe in good faith that such disclosure is necessary to (a) comply with relevant laws or to respond to subpoenas or warrants served on wiwynn; or (b) to protect and defend the rights or property of wiwynn or you of our website.
4. links to other sites
we are not responsible for any content, products or services offered on any third-party websites. links to third-party websites are provided for your convenience only. this privacy policy will not apply to any personal data that you provide to, or that is collected by, any third-party website operator.
we are not responsible for the privacy practices or the content of those other web sites.
5. your consent
by contacting with us or using this website, you consent to the terms of our privacy policy and to our collecting and processing of your personal data for the purposes listed herein. your personal data may be processed in the country in which it was collected and in taiwan.
we are committed to complying with all applicable laws regarding consumer privacy.
at a minimum, your personal data will be processed in accordance with the terms of this privacy policy and the laws of taiwan, which may be more or less stringent than the laws in your country.
6. privacy policy updates
we may amend our privacy policy from time to time.
please review our privacy policies regularly as updated policies will apply to your future visits to our website.
7. your rights and contact us
you have the right to access, modify, correct and erase personal data that we may collect.
shall you have any questions or concerns about this privacy policy, please contact us.
to do so please contact us: legal@wiwynn.com
appendix: personal data collected and the purpose, the use, the period of personal data collected and your rights
1、personal data collected and the purpose
classification of the personal information collected（excluding the sensitive personal information, “personal data”） which is any information that can be used to identify a particular individual, such as name, address, e-mail address, telephone number, or other contact information.
and the personal data is in terms of information the we collected from the business or services.
2、period of using the personal data
we will retain and, if necessary, use your personal data from the time you contact us by any means until the time you request us to delete your personal data.
within time period of specific purpose or the retention period in accordance with the relevant laws/regulations such as personal data protection act or in line with business needs or individual contracts.
( the longer period to be applied)
3、parties of using your personal data
we disclose your personal data to:
3-1 legally investigation authority or financial supervisory authority:
3-1-1: legal and regulatory authorities;
3-1-2: any party as necessary in connection with legal proceedings;
3-1-3: any party as necessary for investigating, detecting or preventing criminal offences;
3-2 for wiwynn’s legitimate business purposes and the operation
3-2-1: wiwynn or the institution using the information in compliance with regulations (such as the parent company of the wiwynn or the holdings the wiwynn belonging to)
3-2-2: the institutions in relation to relevant business
3-2-3: parties agreed by the customer (such as the wiwynn’s jointly marking or customer information sharing companies,the wiwynn’s business cooperative units)
3-2-4: our external advisors;
3-2-5: if we engage a third-party processor to process your personal data, the processor will be subject to binding contractual obligations to:(1) only process the personal data in accordance with our prior written instructions; and(2) use measures to protect the confidentiality and security of the personal data; together with any additional requirements under applicable law.
4、ways of using personal data
by way of automatic or non-automatic measures that is compliance with personal data protection act or the relevant regulations.
5. your right to the content of personal data
you may, in accordance with the personal data protection act, assert or request your personal data from us for the following purposes:
(1) inquiries or requests for reading
(2) request for a copy.
(3) request for additions or corrections.
(4) request to stop collection, processing and use.
(5) request for deletion.
if you are the residents of the european economic area from within the european union, based on the gdpr, you may also have the following rights:
(1) right to restriction of processing.
(2) right to data portability.
company
about wiwynn
company info
careers
contact us
investor relations
financials
corporate governance
shareholder services
news
newsroom
events

support
service portal
technology
overview
whitepapers
advanced cooling
5g vran
esg sustainability
sustainability
sustainable governance
sustainable innovation
sustainable environment
diverse and inclusive society
english繁體中文
繁體中文
