privacy policy
data protection
the operators of this website take the protection of your personal data very seriously. we treat your personal data confidentially and according to the legal data protection regulations and this privacy policy.
the use of our website is generally possible without providing personal data. personal data, such as names, addresses or email addresses, are always provided on a voluntary basis when possible. those data will not be passed on to third parties without your explicit permission.
however, we would like to point out that data transmissions via internet (e.g email communication) cannot be entirely secure and may have security vulnerabilities. a complete protection of personal details against unauthorised access by third parties is not possible.
cookies
this website partially uses so-called cookies. cookies do not cause damage to your computer and do not contain viruses. cookies allow us to make our product more user-friendly, more efficient and more secure. cookies are small text files, stored by your browser on your computer.
most cookies that we use are so-called “session cookies”. they will be deleted automatically after the end of your visit. other cookies remain on your terminal device until you delete them. those cookies enable us to recognise your browser on your next visit.
you can adjust your browser to inform you when cookies are placed, to individually allow cookies, or to generally exclude cookies in certain cases, as well as to activate the automatic deletion of cookies when closing the browser. the deactivation of cookies may impair the functionality of this website.
server-log-files
the provider of these websites automatically collects and stores information in so-called server log files which your browser automatically transmits to us, such as:
browser type/version
used operating system
referrer url
host name of the accessing computer
time of query
those data cannot be associated with individual persons. we do not merge this data with other sources. we reserve the right to retrospectively check the data if there is any indication of illegal use.
contact form‍
if you send enquiries to us via the contact form, your data entered into the contact form, including the stated contact information, are stored for the purpose of dealing with your enquiry and in case of additional enquiries. those data will not be passed on without your permission.
newsletter
if you would like to receive the newsletter offered on our website, we require your email address as well as information which allows us to check that you are the owner of the provided email address and that you agree to receive the newsletter. further data will not be collected. we use those data exclusively for sending the requested information and do not transmit them to third parties.
permission given for the storage of the data and the email address, as well as their use for the purpose of sending the newsletter, can be withdrawn at any time via the “unsubscribe”-link within the newsletter.
google analytics‍
this website uses google analytics, a website analysis service by google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
google analytics uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer to analyse your use of the website. the information generated by the cookie about your use of this website is usually sent to and stored at a google server in the u.s.a.
ip-anonymisation
we use the function “activate ip anonymisation”. through this, your ip address will be shortened in advance within the member states of the european union or other contractual states of the treaty on the european economic area. only in exceptional cases, your complete ip address will be transmitted to a server in the u.s.a. and shortened there. commissioned by the operators of this website, google will use this information to evaluate your use of the website, to compile reports on website activities for website operators and to provide other services related to website and internet activities. google will not merge your ip address with any other data held by google.
browser plugin
you may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser; however, if you do so, you may be unable to use all features of this website. further, you may prevent the collection of data generated by cookies (including your ip address) and related to the use of these websites, as well as the processing of such data by google, by downloading and installing the plug-in under the following link: http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en
objection to data collection
you may prevent the collection of data by google analytics by clicking the following link. in doing so, an opt-out-cookie will be placed which prevents future data collection when visiting our website: disable google analytics
you will find more information concerning the treatment of user data by google analytics in google’s privacy policy: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=de
processing of order data
we have entered into a contract with google concerning the processing of order data and fully comply with the strict provisions of german data protection authorities when using google analytics.
demographic data collection by google analytics
this website uses google analytics’ demographic features. this allows reports to be generated containing statements about the age, gender, and interests of site visitors. this data comes from google’s interest-based advertising as well as visitor data from third-party providers. this collected data cannot be attributed to any specific person. you can disable this feature at any time by adjusting the ads settings in your google account, or you can forbid the collection of your data by google analytics as described in the section “refusal of data collection.”
twitter
functions of the service twitter are integrated on our websites. these functions are offered by twitter inc., 1355 market street, suite 900, san francisco, ca 94103, usa. by using twitter as well as the function “re-tweet”, websites you visit are linked to your twitter account and posted to other users. in doing so, data will be transmitted to twitter. we would like to point out that we as providers of this websites do not obtain knowledge about the content of those data. for further information, please check the twitter privacy policy: http://twitter.com/privacy.
the privacy settings of your twitter account can be adjusted under:: http://twitter.com/account/settings
linkedin
our website uses functions of the network linkedin. the provider of linkedin is the linkedin corporation, 2029 stierlin court, mountain view, ca 94043, usa. every time you access one of our websites which contains linkedin functions, a connection to the servers of linkedin is established. linkedin will be informed that you have visited our websites with your ip address. if you click the linkedin recommend button while logged in to your linkedin account, linkedin can associate your visit to our websites with your user account. we would like to point out that we, as providers of these websites, do not obtain knowledge about the content of transmitted data as well as their use by linkedin.
for further information, please review the linkedin privacy policy: https://www.linkedin.com/legal/privacy-policy
google web fonts
for the homogenous display of fonts, this website uses so-called web fonts that are provided by google. on retrieving a website your browser downloads the necessary web fonts to your browser cache in order to correctly display texts and fonts. if your browser does not support web fonts, your computer uses a standard font.
for further information, please see https://developers.google.com/fonts/faq as well as google’s privacy policy: https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/
google maps
this website uses the map service google maps via api. this service is provided by google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway mountain view, ca 94043, usa. to use the functions of google maps storage of your ip address is required. this information will usually be transferred to, and stored on, a server in the usa. the provider of this website has no influence on this data transmission.
for further information, please see google’s privacy policy: https://www.google.de/intl/de/policies/privacy/
google adsense
this website uses google adsense, a google inc. service to embed advertisements. provider of these services are google inc., 1600 amphitheatre parkway mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
google adsense uses so-called “cookies”, text files that are stored on your computer to analyse the use of the website. google adsense also uses so-called web beacons (invisible images). these web beacons help to evaluate information, such as visitor traffic on these websites.
the information generated by cookies and web beacons about your use of this website (including your ip address) and the delivery of advertising formats is sent to and stored at a google server in the u.s.a. google may also transfer this information to its contractual partners. however, google will not associate your ip address with any other data stored at google.
you may prevent the installation of cookies by adjusting the settings of your browser; however, if you do so, you may be unable to use all features of this website. by using this website you agree to the processing of the collected information by google, for the above mentioned purpose.

google analytics remarketing
our websites use the functions of google analytics remarketing in connection with the cross-device functions of google adwords and google doubleclick. the provider of these technologies is google inc. 1600 amphitheatre parkway mountain view, ca 94043, usa.
this function enables a linking of commercial target groups compiled by google analytics remarketing with the cross-device functions of google adwords and google doubleclick. as such, customized, interest-targeted commercials adapted for display on a terminal device (e.g. cell phone) in accordance with your previous usage and browsing behaviour can be also displayed on another of your terminal devices (e.g. pc, tablet).
if you have given the appropriate permission, google will link your web and app browser history with your google account for this purpose. in this way, the same customized commercials will be displayed on any terminal device on which you are logged in to your google account.
in order to support this function, google analytics collects google-authenticated ids of users, which are temporarily linked to our google analytics data, to identify and to compile target groups for cross-device advertising.
you can permanently object to cross-device remarketing/targeting by deactivating customised commercials in your google account by using the link below: https://www.google.com/settings/ads/onweb/
you will find further information and data protection regulations in google’s privacy policy under: http://www.google.com/policies/technologies/ads/
google adwords and google conversion tracking
this site uses google adwords. adwords is an online advertising program from google inc., 1600 amphitheater parkway, mountain view, ca 94043, united states (“google”).
as part of google adwords, we use so-called conversion tracking. when you click an ad delivered by google, a cookie for conversion tracking is stored on your computer. cookies are small text files that are stored locally in the cache of the user’s browser. these cookies expire after 30 days and are not used for personal identification of the user. should the user visit certain pages of the website and the cookie has not yet expired, google and the website can tell that the user clicked on the ad and proceeded to that page.
each google adwords advertiser has a different cookie. thus, cookies cannot be tracked using the website of an adwords advertiser. the information obtained using the conversion cookie is used to create conversion statistics for the adwords advertisers who have opted for conversion tracking. the adwords advertisers can find out the total number of users who have clicked on their ad and were directed to the page with a conversion tracking tag. the advertisers do not, however, obtain any information that can be used to identify users personally. if you do not wish to participate in tracking, you can refuse by simply deactivating the google conversion tracking cookie via your internet browser settings. in doing so, you will not be included in the conversion tracking statistics.
for more information about google adwords and google conversion tracking, please see google’s privacy policy at: http://www.google.de/policies/privacy/
you can configure your browser to inform you about the use of cookies so that you can decide on a case-by-case basis whether to accept or reject a cookie. alternatively, your browser can be configured to automatically accept cookies under certain conditions or to always reject them, or to automatically delete cookies when closing your browser. the disabling of cookies may limit your ability to use some of the functions of this website.
use of mouseflow
data for marketing and optimisation purposes is collected and saved on these webpages using the technologies of mouseflow aps flaesketorvet 68, 1711 copenhagen denmark (“mouseflow”). user profiles can be created from this data under a pseudonym.
incidentally, selected individual visits (only with an anonymised ip address) are recorded with the webtracking tool, mouseflow. a log of the mouse movements and clicks is generated here, with the intention of randomly selecting individual website visits and deriving potential improvements for the website.
without an explicit approval by the relevant person, the data collected with the mouseflow technologies is not used to personally identify the visitors of this website and is not merged with the personal data of the carrier of the pseudonym. if you do not wish your data recorded, you can globally deactivate the recording on all websites, which use mouseflow, for the browser currently in use at the following link: www.mouseflow.com/opt-out/
