home
about
services plm solutions web & mobility solutions devops & cloud solutions ai/ml solutions technology solutions bi & data analytics enterprise collaboration enterprise web presence design services business consulting embedded systems staff augmentation
plm solutions
web & mobility solutions
devops & cloud solutions
ai/ml solutions
technology solutions
bi & data analytics
enterprise collaboration
enterprise web presence
design services
business consulting
embedded systems
staff augmentation
products
partners
techtalk
contact
usa
uk
ca
au
privacy policy
privacy policy
information collection and use
xavor corporation values the privacy of is visitors and customers. the policy of xavor corporation and it’s worldwide offices, hereinafter called “xavor corporation“, regarding online collection of personal information is explained below. this policy covers information collected on www.xavor.com. by giving your personal information you agree that we may collect and use such information in accordance with the terms and conditions of this policy. please do not submit any information if you are less than 18 years old unless you have the consent of your parent or guardian. if you do not agree to this policy, please do not use this site. xavor corporation reserves the right to occasionally change the policy at its own discretion and bring such changes to your attention (see notification of changes below).
information collection
registration – to use portions of this site, a user must first complete a registration form. during registration a user is required to give contact information such as your name, address, company name and address, e-mail address. this information is used to contact the user about services on our site for which the user has expressed interest. unique identifiers (such as, username and password), are used for security purposes to safeguard personal information.
order – we request information on our order form from users ordering our products. a user must provide contact information such as name, email, and shipping address and financial information such as credit card number, expiration date. this information is used for billing purposes and to fill customer orders. if we have trouble processing an order, the information is used to contact the user.
information use
cookies – a cookie is a piece of data stored on the user’s computer tied to information about the user. usage of a cookie is in no way linked to any personally identifiable information while on our site. we use session id cookies. for the session id cookie, once users close the browser, the cookie simply terminates.
cookies are used to maintain the identity of users with our site after users log in with a username and password. this allows the users to identify themselves (log in) once rather than multiple times per web session. you can choose to disable cookies by following the procedure suggested by your particular browser. if you choose to disable cookies in your browser, you may still be able to access our site depending on where you are in our site.
log files – we gather certain information about the use of our site by our visitors using a process that does not by itself identify a specific individual. this information is then compiled and analyzed in a way that does not identify our visitors personally. the information may include the uniform resource locator (url) a visitor of our site has just come from, which urls have been visited within our site, what browser is being used, and what internet protocol (ip) address a visitor used to get to our site.
third parties – except as specifically described in this privacy policy, we will not, without your specific prior consent, sell, trade or transfer your personally identifiable information to such third parties other than authorized third parties and others involved in the e-commerce distribution chain (e.g., vendors, suppliers), which may need access to some of your personal information. for example, if we ship an order to you, we must share your name and address with a shipping company. we do not give access to data on individual transactions to third parties, other than as described in this privacy policy.
communications from the site
information list – our information list is an opt-in/opt-out emailing service that keeps the subscriber abreast of current developments with xavor corporation. noteworthy events such as press releases are included in the periodic emailing. if a user wishes to subscribe to the list, we ask for contact information such as name and email address. out of respect for our users privacy we provide a way to opt-out of these communications. www.xavor.com
sharing – legal disclaimer – though we make every effort to preserve user privacy, we may need to disclose personal information when required by law wherein we have a good-faith belief that such action is necessary to comply with a current judicial proceeding, a court order or legal process served on our web site.
links – this web site contains links to other sites. please be aware that xavor corporation is not responsible for the privacy practices of such other sites. we encourage our users to be aware when they leave our site and to read the privacy statements of each and every web site that collects personally identifiable information. this privacy statement applies solely to information collected by this web site.
security – when our registration/order form asks users to enter sensitive information such as credit card number and billing information, that information is encrypted and is protected with industry standard encryption technology – ssl. while on a secure page, such as our order form, the lock icon on the bottom of web browsers such as netscape navigator and microsoft internet explorer becomes locked, to indicate secure transmission mode, as opposed to un-locked, or open, when users are just ‘surfing’.
to prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure proper use of your information, we and our web server hosts have put in place appropriate physical, electronic, and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online. all of our users’ information, not just the sensitive information mentioned above, is restricted in our offices. only employees who need the information to perform a specific job (for example, our billing clerk or a customer service representative) are granted access to personally identifiable information.
if users have any questions about the security at our web site, users should contact us
children’s privacy – we do not knowingly collect personal information from children under the age of 18. if we learn that we have personal information on a child under the age of 18 we will delete that information ourselves.
correcting/updating/deleting/deactivating personal information – if a user’s personally identifiable information changes (such as zip code, phone, email or postal address), or if a user no longer desires our service, we provide a way to correct, update or delete/deactivate users’ personally identifiable information. this can be done in the users account accessed by username and password or by contacting us.
notification of changes – if we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes to this privacy statement, the homepage, and other places we deem appropriate so our users are always aware of what information we collect, how we use it, and under what circumstances, if any, we disclose it.
if, however, we are going to use our users’ personally identifiable information in a manner different from that stated at the time of collection we will notify users by posting a notice on our web site for 30 days.
severability – in the event any of the provisions of this privacy policy are held to be unenforceable, the remaining provisions will be unimpaired and the unenforceable provision(s) will be replaced by such enforceable provision(s) as comes closest to the intention underlying the unenforceable provision(s).
contact information – if users have any questions or suggestions regarding our privacy policy, please contact us at:
customer servicexavor corporation
xavor corporation is a leading technology company based in irvine, california. we are committed to help our clients with reliable software solutions.
our services
ai/ml solutions
bi & data analytics
design services
devops & cloud
embedded systems
enterprise collaboration
more services
plm solutions
enterprise web presence
technology solutions
web & mobile app
smart products
careers
recent posts
5 remarkable azure cognitive services
5 remarkable azure cognitive services
staff augmentation for startups | usefulness
staff augmentation for startups | usefulness
contact us
let us know how can we help you!
+1 949 264 1472
+1 949 264 1472
info@xavor.com
info@xavor.com
irvine, california.
irvine, california.
copyright 2022 - xavor corporation all rights reserved
