call us today!  0120 4201 765, +91 73030 93408 |  info@xenius.in
careers
our story the journey   vision
the journey
vision
who we are leadership compliances
leadership
compliances
solutions prepaid meteringibmsdg monitoring smart gridsolar monitoring water managementevcd smart citysmart ess
prepaid metering
ibms
dg monitoring
smart grid
solar monitoring
water management
evcd
smart city
smart ess
sectors power utilities real estate industries
power utilities
real estate
industries
projects power utilities real estate industries
power utilities
real estate
industries
resource centre prepaid metering ibms evcd
prepaid metering
ibms
evcd
privacy policy
xenius, a registered brand for radius synergies international pvt ltd, may use cookies, web beacons, tracking pixels, and other tracking technologies when you visit our website https://www.xenius.in/, including any other media form, media channel, mobile website, or mobile application related or connected thereto (collectively, the “site”) to help customize the site and improve your experience.
we have the right to make corrections to this cookie policy at any time and for any purpose. we will alert you about any modifications by updating the “last updated” date of this cookie policy. any additions or modifications will be effective instantly upon posting the updated cookie policy on the website, and you reserve the right to get specific notice of each such change or correction.
you are prompted to periodically review this cookie policy to stay informed of updates. you will be considered to have been made aware of, will be subject to, and will be deemed to have accepted the changes in any revised cookie policy by your continued use of the site after the date such revised cookie policy is posted.
use of cookies
a “cookie” is a sequence of data that allows you a unique identifier that we save on your computer. your browser then gives that unique identifier to use each time you submit a query to the website. we use cookies on the website to, among other devices, keep track of assistance you have used, record-filing information, record your user choices, keep you logged into the website, promote purchase procedures, and track the pages you visit. cookies help us know how the website is being used and enhance your user experience.
types of cookies
the following types of cookies may be used when you visit the site:
advertising cookies
advertising cookies are stored on your computer by advertisers and ad servers to display advertisements that are most likely to be of interest to you. these cookies allow advertisers and ad servers to collect data about your visits to the website and other websites, rotate the ads sent to a specific computer, and track how often an ad has been viewed and by whom. these cookies are associated with a computer and do not gather any private information about you.
analytics cookies
analytics cookies watch how users entered the website, and how they communicate with and move around once on the website. these cookies let us know what features on the website are working the best and what features on the website can be improved.
our cookies
our cookies are “first-party cookies” and can be either permanent or temporary. these are necessary cookies, without which the website won’t work properly or be able to store certain points and functionalities. some of these cookies may be manually disabled in your computer’s browser but may influence the functionality of the website.
personalization cookies
personalization cookies are used to recognize repeat visitors to the site. we use these cookies to record your browsing history, the pages you have visited, and your settings and preferences each time you visit the site.
security cookies
security cookies help identify and prevent security risks. we use these cookies to authenticate users and protect user data from unauthorized parties.
site management cookies
site management cookies are used to advance your integrity or session on the website so that you are not logged off surprisingly, and any data you enter is retained from page to page. these cookies cannot be turned off individually, but you can disable all cookies in your browser.
third-party cookies
third-party cookies may be placed on your computer when you visit the site by companies that run certain services we offer. these cookies allow the third parties to gather and track certain information about you. these cookies can be manually disabled in your browser.
control of cookies
most browsers are set to allow cookies by default. however, you can eliminate or deny cookies in your browser’s settings. please be knowledgeable that such activity could affect the availability and functionality of the website.
for more information on how to control cookies, check your browser or device’s settings for how you can control or reject cookies.
request a call back
δ
our clients
we believe in making lives better by ‘humanizing machines’.
subscribe to newsletter
connect with us
contact us
+91 120 4201765, 7303093408
info@xenius.in
h-98, sector 63, noida,                                      uttar pradesh 201301
