iot events                        we have an unrivalled number of partnerships with 350+ iot, iiot & ai global events. never miss out again on what’s coming up in your sector or simply find the events you                        want us to help promote your brand at.                    iot eventsupcoming events:electric & hybrid vehicle technology expothe battery show europeiot shenzhen expo 2022 (iote 2022)field servicecdao nordicscdao insurance europe
we have an unrivalled number of partnerships with 350+ iot, iiot & ai global events. never miss out again on what’s coming up in your sector or simply find the events you                        want us to help promote your brand at.
upcoming events:
iot directoryiot companieslatest companies:view alliot productslatest products:view alliot serviceslatest services:view all
iot companieslatest companies:view all
latest companies:
iot productslatest products:view all
latest products:
iot serviceslatest services:view all
latest services:
iot newsthe latest news and expert opinions from around the globe including leading technology market research from top iot sector, analyst and consulting companies.iot newslatest news:find morerenesas develops circuit technologies for 22-nm embedded stt-mram with faster read and write performance for mcus in iot applicationsvipre's whitepaper emphasises the need for a multi-faceted approach against ransomwareaccelerating adas with the long-range 3d antenna from huber+suhnerurban control's urban node 324 becomes cellular nb-iot and lte-m lighting controller to receive d4i certificationrenesas announces investment in popular open-source company arduino to access huge developer community
the latest news and expert opinions from around the globe including leading technology market research from top iot sector, analyst and consulting companies.
latest news:
trending techtrending techread now
podcastwe're going to have a look at what's in the digital transformation news.iot podcastlatest podcasts:find morepodcast: telco fraud spikes in ukraine, while service providers fined in us and ukpodcast: you’ll never need to know a password again!podcast: why aren’t auto makers unleashing the full power of connected cars?podcast: insider threats and how to beat them!podcast: deepfakes and fraud: coming to a phone near you!
we're going to have a look at what's in the digital transformation news.
latest podcasts:
iot searchsearch across:productcompanyservicesarticlessearch
search across:
log in
register
iot companies
xiamen alotcer communication   technology co., ltd.
alotcer currently employs more than 200 people, r & d personnel accounted for more than 50%, with more than 3000 square meters of office space. the company has a wholly owned subsidiary of xiamen goodproducts manufacturing co.,ltd as a well-known enterprises in xiamen, is the world's many well-known companies odm/oem quality suppliers, such as panasonic.

alotcer aim to the integrity, excellence, pragmatic, win-win business philosophy, coincides with the rapid development of the internet of things, to do more quality products to provide a more dedicated service is the pursuit of perseverance.

because professional, so focused. alotcer has been focused on things from the networking communications industry research and product innovation, m2m communications network equipment been used in all walks of life.

in the vigorous development of the networking industry, alotcer has always adhered to persevere in internet communication and network industry. alotcer adhering to the professional service, focusing on industry concept, to provide better and more reliable communication network equipment and solutions for the networking industry.

alotcer is committed to doing fine wireless communication equipment. with a fully independent high-end chip processing plant, could carry out on the various components of feed detection, strict control of each patch assembly link, carry out quality control test for finished products after assembly. these’s strong guarantee for the realization of high-quality wireless communications equipment, alotcer will continue to make a greater contribution to the development of the internet of things communication industry.

alotcer products are widely used in express, self-service, electricity, water, transportation, postal service, finance, environmental protection, light, heat, oil, coal, security, tax and other industries. with in-depth industry for years, alotcer equipment, solutions are more professional and more tightly.

to provide quality products and focus on the global strategy, alotcer has not only set the main stronghold in the area of domestic, in key areas will set up sales and service office and an important partner in worldwide, to provide high quality and reliable products and services for all customers.

difficulty is progress, bottleneck is innovation, alotcer colleagues will progress and grow together, with common focus and expertise to look forward to happiness in every day.
alotcer website
official website
en.alotcer.com
social profiles
detailed information
number of employees:								revenue (in usd):																activity:
address
company name: 								street:                                                                								zip                                                                city:								country:                                                                state/province:
representative
anne ann								project manager								+8618106932752
products
documents
ar7000
ar7088
ad2066
ar7088 enhanced router specification
download this file
ar7000 router specification
download this file
ad2066 ip modem specification
download this file
have questions?
please log in to ask a question or to see answers for other users’ questions
prior questions
iot directoryiot companiesiot productsiot services
iot companies
iot products
iot services
iot newsblogsexpert opinionspress releases
blogs
expert opinions
press releases
iot resourceswhite papersiot glossaryiot standards
white papers
iot glossary
iot standards
ai & iotmachine learningindustry disruption
machine learning
industry disruption
iot pilotlearn about iot platforms
learn about iot platforms
iot showcasemultitech
multitech
iot events
iot ambassadors
about iotgn
don’t miss a beat
get the latest right in your mailbox
stay connected:
follow us on twitter
disclaimer
imprint
privacy policy
usage terms
cookies policy
copyright © 2022 iot global network. all rights reserved.
